In gratitude

At its inception Nueva Esperanza, Inc., was a necessity to the tenants
at 550 South Summer and 12 Hamilton Streets who faced eviction from their
homes in April 1982. In many ways, it was the need of the entire neighbor-
hood. The uncertainty of the tenants' future caused them to organize and
seek help.

One of the first organizations approached was the Valley Opportunity
Council (VOC). One of their greatest assets was the encouragement they of-
fered when the city seemed to have turned its back and apparently was un- 3
touched by the despair of its people. The residents and other neighborhood
activists presented their ideas to VOC who assisted in fundamental organiza-
tion and held community meetings. At these meetings the group was able to
communicate its fears, problems and hopes for the neighborhood to other area
residents. One of their hopes was to buy the building and maintain it. .

This goal was not an easy one and it was necessary to go a few steps
further. VOC helped define the areas on which to concentrate in order to
build the corporation, and to file the necessary papers and applications.
After the incorporation VOC helped secure technical assistance from Bright-
wood Development Corporation (BDC). Together VOC and BDC helped Nueva Es-
peranza with applications for funding of staff and initial financing of the. |
project.

Another group which helped with initial efforts was the Housing Allow-
ance Project (HAP) which supported Nueva Esperanza's attempts to secure
Section 8 subsidies. Some of their other contributions include cost esti-
mates and management information which assisted in the submission of appli-
cations.

With the assistance of VOC, BDC and HAP, Nueva Esperanza was formed,
was able to hire an Executive Director, secure the purchase of the buildings
and submit an application to the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency for
the moderate rehabilitation of sixteen units. It has definitely been a major
accomplishment and the staff, Board of Directors and tenants wish to thank
and offer their sincere gratitude to these agencies who have helped to give
this neighborhood a New Hope. The greater Springfield area should be proud
to have so many dedicated people living and working here.

-Maria Singletary
Maria Singletary is the President of the Board of Directors of Nueva
Esperanza and was one of the original incorporators of the organization.
