Merchants’

A friendly smile and a hello greeted me yesterday afternoon when I en-
tered Lincoln Hardware and Supply Co. at 409 Main Street. The smile beloriged
to Jack Weiner, one of the owners. He and his brother, Matt, have owned the
hardware store for 38 years. "As a matter of fact, 38 years in January,"
Jack proudly announced to me. "We opened right after the war in 1946."

At one time merchandise also included housewares but now the brothers
specialize in hardware and services like pipe threading, glass cutting and
key making. The Weiners had previous experience in New York in the hardware
trade and in electrical mechanics before opening their store in Holyoke.

My interview was interrupted briefly by the appearance of a couple of
customers. By the way they spoke they were obviously long time customers of
the Weiners. Mr. Weiner hunted long and hard among the shelves for just the
right part they needed for their plumbing repair job. Meanwhile I browsed
among the hardware items: faucets, pipe connectors, paint brushes, wrenches,
rubber hoses and even some boxes of sticky material to prevent birds from
nesting: I had the feeling this was a store that tried to meet all your hard-
ware needs.

After the customers left I continued the conversation with Jack Weiner.
He told me that he was born and brought up on Park Street in South Holyoke.
"It's a part of Park Street that is owned by Dreikorn's now. The house was
at 294 Park. I went to Hamilton Street School which was partly where Hamilton
Park is now." Like Ms. Foley (see front page article), Mr. Weiner remembers
the Valley Arena where sporting events and other forms of entertainment were
held regularly.

When I asked him about his most memorable happy experience during his
38 years in business, Mr. Weiner thought for a moment and then spoke about
not an event but "a time when Main Street was a flourishing business area.

We used to stay open 'til 9 at night because business demanded it."

And what about his hopes for the people of the South Holyoke neighbor-
hood? "I hope that the community will provide a sound education for the
young people. I believe it is through education that the future will be
brighter and happier for all."

I thanked Mr. Weiner for talking with me and left the store grateful for
the opportunity to meet him. I had been impressed by his investment in and
commitment to the neighborhood, his pride in his work and his concern for the
next generation. Nueva Esperanza wishes local merchants, Jack and Matt Weiner,
continued success at Linclon Hardware.
