"a decent home...for every American family"

Calls for a moratorium on subsidized housing in Holyoke raise an issue on a
local level which has been of national concern for a number of years. By and
jarge the issue is stated something like this: the government should get out of
the housing production industry because subsidies for low income persons are a
drain on taxpayers, do not contribute to local taxes and in the final analysis
keep low income persons dependent on the system.

Besides fueling the confusion between public housing (which doesn't generate
taxes) and subsidized housing (which does), the statement of the issue this way
neglects a key fact. The housing shortage in this country is of monumental pro-
portions and affects all classes of people. It is estimated that close to 30
million additional units are necessary in order to meet the need.

The housing shortage - the gap between housing costs and income levels -
is a national issue. When people view it as a local or regional one, it forces
them to make false choices, like choosing economic development or housing when in
fact both are essential to the vitality of any city. A national problem needs to
be dealt with creatively on a national level. To attempt to do otherwise results
in pitting local government officials against the local people in need.

The housing crisis in the United States did not arise overnight. While de-
cent housing has been an issue since the Civil War, the government began to ad-
dress it only during the 1930's Depression. Since then it has tried to deal with
the issue in a variety of ways.

Among the programs created by the federal government between 1934 and 1973

:-have been long term mortgage financing with interest payment deductions, public
housing, rent supplements or subsidies, and private sector development of low
_ oss income housing. However a forty year history of government involvement inhous-

ing production came to an abrupt halt in 1973 when President Nixon called for a

moratorium on housing subsidy programs for reasons similar to the ones stated

above. While subsidies have continued in some form, although greatly reduced in

number, the battle over the costliness of federal involvement in. the housing F

market has raged on for nearly'10 years." *  ~ ei dai aor ae we i

It would be very easy to join those who say “Let the free enterprise system i
deal with the situation." This attitude ignores the fact that the government has
been a key piece in the puzzle for nearly 40 years. Involvement cannot be halted
without dire conseauences. While subsidies may not be the only or the best way

to deal with the housing crisis, they are a viable alternative until new ways of

dealing with it are created or the shortage is met.

. Besides their belief that housing is a right not a luxury, the defenders of
subsidies for low income housing give several reasons for their support:
Teen -There are benefits, such as increased cash flow to merchants and landlords,
generation of taxes to city and state, creation of jobs and services and

we a general stimulus to the economy which affects federal tax levels;

-It is discriminatory not subsidize low income housing when middle and
upper income families receive indirect subsidies through mortgage interest
payment deductions. (The latter is estimated to be four times the amount

j of the former according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition.)

-Alternatives to subsidies, like allowances or vouchers, are not less costly.

. (There is a certain amount of investment required in order to meet the

shortage, no matter what the shape of the program. )

. ., The City of Holyoke does not need a moratorium on subsidized housing. It
needs to do at least two things to deal with the very real housing shortage within |
its boundaries. First, the city needs to use and foster creative, cooperative ven-
tures among federal, state and local programs, the private sector and neighborhood
residents. Secondly, it needs to join with the groups and local governments which
are lobbying the federal government to take its share of the responsibility for
meeting the 1949 national goal of "a decent home for every American family."

9 = =
