					In gratitude

	At its inception Nueva Esperanza, Inc., was a necessity to the tenants at 550 South Summer and 12 Hamilton Streets who faced eviction from their homes in April 1982. In many ways, it was the need of the entire neighborhood. The uncertainty of the tenants' future caused them to organize and seek help.
	One of the first organizations approached was the Valley Opportunity Council (VOC). One of their greatest assets was the encouragement they offered when the city seemed to have turned its back and apparently was untouched by the despair of its people. The residents and other neighborhood activists presented their ideas to VOC who assisted in fundamental organization and held community meetings. At these meetings the group was able to communicate its fears, problems and hopes for the neighborhood to other area residents. One of their hopes was to buy the building and maintain it.
	This goal was not an easy one and it was necessary to go a few steps further. VOC helped define the areas on which to concentrate in order to build the corporation, and to file the necessary papers and applications. After the incorporation VOC helped secure technical assistance from Brightwood Development Corporation (BDC). Together VOC and BDC helped Nueva Esperanza with applications for funding of staff and initial financing of the project.
	Another group which helped with initial efforts was the Housing Allowance Project (HAP) which supported Nueva Esperanza's attempts to secure Section 8 subsidies. Some of their other contributions include cost estimates and management information which assisted in the submission of applications.
	With the assistance of VOC, BDC and HAP, Nueva Esperanza was formed, was able to hire an Executive Director, secure the purchase of the buildings and submit an application to the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency for the moderate rehabilitation of sixteen units. It has definitely been a major accomplishment and the staff. The Board of Directors and tenants wish to thank and offer their sincere gratitude to these agencies who have helped to give this neighborhood a New Hope. The greater Springfield area should be proud to have so many dedicated people living and working here.

							- Maria Singletary


	Maria Singletary is the President of the Board of Directors of Nueva Esperanza and was one of the original incorporators of the organization.



