Everyone was thrilled over the drug bust on HIGH St. 23 young people were caught with hard
drugs. The Mayor patted his back and the Chief patted his back, the "mod squad" stinks and the
state troopers ran around in their sharp suits– everyone, especially the older people were really happy to see the long hairs get busted. They caught some small] time pushers and users– Mayor, Police Chief, State Troopers, Mod Squaders and you FBI men seen around town why not go after the big boys – yeah – the Mafia – Cosa Nostra, the Syndicate – whatever name you call it – SCARED? 

Word was out that the National Guard was on alert during the Moratorium in Holyoke – riot police were out training at Westover – Yes, Governor Sargeant backed the Moratorium but no sense taking chances with hippie, dippie peace lovers. 

The Boycott of grapes is still om. Cesar Chavez was in Boston Oct. 13 and things are picking up. Negotiations between United Farm Workers Union and several grape growers were on.

	The Airplane’s new album is having trouble being released. There are some ‘obscene’ words
which the record company is uptight about – the cover has an American flag on it which the
government is uptight about – and the album's title is the same as an American foundation and they're threatening to sue if it's used.

					BOSTON TEA PARTY
					Jan. 24, 25
				Lead Zepplin & Johnny Winter

				Any day now we shall be free.

Principal Moriarty threw out of the High School three students for possession of Breakthru. He
got mad at our Bellemy Award comment, his actions convince us that he is trying to abridge our right to free speech and freedom of the press. We do not print smut, we are constructive revolutionaries. Members of our staff and people sympathetic to our purpose will not be
harassed!

				See "FAT" OCT. 31 (Halloween)
			2nd Congo (across from the War Memorial) 
					8 P.M. $2.00

People are beginning to ask whether political considerations are being regarded by the Nixon administration as more important than the letter of the law.


For rent—downtown Mobile, Alabama
Two rooms
No electricity
No plumbing
$30 a month


Don’t Buy Grapes!
“In War, Truth Is The First Casualty.”



