2 s
Want to make something of it?

Have you all had your fill of Bellamy week
and all the underlying frictions of the school
which it has uncovered? I am as happy as any-
one that our school could work together to pass
this whole thing off and it's over. It was un-
necessarily dragged out though. Even our admin-
istrator has said that the whole thing could
have taken place in two days. Many of us who
have worked hard on committees etc., have done
so because it is our school and our names are

and will be connected with it and of course
there are those who are pushing for recommenda-
tions and those who simply did it because it
had to be done. Not meaning to upset all the
dear little ladies who seem to have devoted
their lives to the Bellamy award, but if you
mention it to most people outside the school,
they will inevitably ask what it is. Really
who in this school had ever heard of it before
this year? What about the things that really
make a school tick? I don't mean the moderness
of the building or the awards that a handful of
students have won, I mean the teachers, admini-
stration, STUDENTS and curriculum, and the
community as a whole which is produced by an
educational system. This is the community which
is right in front of us. This is the community
from which our school board and draft board are
drawn. This is the school board which votes
down the students’ proposals for a change in
dress code or changes in just about anything.

If anyone remembers, they reversed their deci-
sion on the trivial matter of allowing female
students to wear culottes on the basis that the
girls who modeled them were too attractive so
they had been more or less tricked. What are
we doing with a school board that can be tricked
on something like this? The dress code is to
again come up before the board Oct. 20th. When
it came up last school year it was put aside.

We fullg understand that everything had to be
cooled until after the Bellamy presentation -
Well, it's over. South Hadley is allowing fe-
male students to wear slacks in January, Spring
field Technical has abolished its dress code,
Amherst Regional has never had one and it's one
of the finest schools in the area. Personally,
I don't care what they do about it because I'd
dress much the same as I do now ~ so would most
of us. I simply resent the fact that we're so
far behind and that the school board and admini-
stration can get away with telling us that cer-
tain manners of dress and hair would be a dis-
traction, I do not pretend to hold solutions

to many of the problems present in our system,
but I do feel that it is necessary to make people
more aware of their existence. Together we must
find solutions - they will not always work, but
we must continue to TRY - simply to try to under-
stand our fellow man would be a start. If you
can honestly accept faulty explanations go right
ahead but for those of you who know things are
wrong, how can you stand by and do mothing?

Dear students, soon many of you will have
to face our outdated draft board so it would be
suggested that you fight to update it before re
your time comes. We are constantly being told
to prepare for our future so Prepare! The
Holyoke draft board has not given out a C.0.
(consciencious objector) classification since
1947, It is virtually impossible to find an
up to date official listing of the members of
the Holyoke draft board and just try calling
your draft board for any information.
