If you care, JOIN The West St. Project.

We need students to teach children. Even if you only have a little time – we need your time.

INQUIRE, ROOM 310
Mr. D. Cuniff


	YOUR yearbook is coming up. I think it should be dedicated to our principal. (this in no way reflects the views of Breakthru.) This is the height of his career and would mean a lot to him. After all, who cares whether the youth wants peace. He has worked hard to keep us in line so that he could procure the Bellamy Award for his high school. He has been under a lot of strain keeping certain students out of view of our Bellamy visitors even if it meant suspending them. Congratulations! The luncheon Friday was very nice. The table setting was very impressive with all that rented china. It's great that we can afford to rent china and yet are short on materials for some of our new courses. There are many who believe that the yearbook should be dedicated to PEACE. That's a wonderful idea reflecting the attitude of our youth of these times dedicating something to an abstract idea rather than a person. It would be a good idea to have the class officers and two teachers not connected with the yearbook in any way count the votes in front of the senior branch of the student council. If that big man who stalks the halls and school dances is in charge of this project, you can be sure the votes will turn out the way he wants them to not the way the students want them. It's supposedly OUR yearbook. Of course if we let him know that, in one of his childish fits showing his power he may say that if it's ours then we can have it and work out the whole thing without his help. If students are willing to work hard on the yearbook and if necessary, find another advisor, we can make it OUR yearbook. What about those school dances? Yeah, the ones that hire all those nice police so that we won't do anything criminal like leave the dance. You'd think they had better things to do, but then they have to eat too and someone owes the police force a favor or two. Why must we have a homeroom period at lunch time? Why not use that extra time for a lunch hour so that we could leave the school grounds for lunch. Afraid we might all be a bunch of little criminals? I guess they've got a reason to think that - after all we've been swallowing all sorts of garbage for years.
	If YOU have any thoughts on any subject don't remain silent. It's easy to criticize – but why not JOIN US and write to Breakthru – we'll be happy to print any articles on students’ viewpoints. It's too bad that a person can't sign his name to an article for fear of being suspended but it seems to be the case at the present – we won't sign your name to any article if so requested.

	WE NEED STUDENTS! INTEREST * SHOW YOUR INTEREST! !


