						The Movement
						  Martyrs

Heroes of the Movement are more then likely to be viewed as martyrs. Many significantly are not remembered as people but by the name of their action.

Ernesto "CHE" Guevara: the romantic "Cuban" guerrilla leader who was trapped and "killed"
(murdered in cold blood) in the mountains of Bolivia by government forces aided by American military and C.I.A. advisers.

Huey P. Newton: co-founder and Minister of Defence of the Black Panther Party, convicted (under circumstantial evidence) of killing a cop who recognized his car plates and stopped it (for no apparent reason - except to harass)

Boston Five: Spock, Coffin, Goodman, Raskin, and Ferber counseled draft resistance. All but Raskin convicted.

Catonsville Nine and Milwaukee Fourteen: Made napalm from Army recipe, and they burned draft records and then waited for the cops.

Fort Hood Three: Army privates who refused to go to Vietnam; were among the first to defy military. Released from stockade last fall.

Lenny Bruce: He told it like it was, in what ever language it took to tell it. D. Aug.3,1966.

Fort Hood Forty-three: Black soldiers who announced they would not go to Chicago for riot duty at the Convention.

Oakland Seven: Organizers of to October,1967, Stop The Draft Week. Busted on a potpourri of conspiracy raps.

Norman Morrison: He burned himself to death as an ultimate protest against the war in Vietnam outside the Pentagon.

the Conspiracy: Eight men are being used as scapegoats to cover up the police riot in Chicago, among them include; Jerry Rubin, Abbie Hoffman, Dave Dellinger and Bobby Seale. Eight cops were also indicted to balance things off.


"The Constitution does not require integration. It merely forbids discrimination. It does not forbid such segregation as occurs as the result of voluntary action, It merely forbids the use of government power to enforce segregation.”
-court ruling


A VIEW THRU THE TREES
Imagine that the world is exploding,
And shepherds are larfing at a dying
	Minister.
You can't fly very High and your
	pockets are torn,
So you panic and run to your
	Friend, the Minister, 
Larfing and selling strawberry tarts?!

But a thief steals the Time
	and tattoos an old woman,
So you stop at the corner and
	kick an old soldier.
Meanwhile the Minister "dies"
	and steals your shoes:
You flee from the city chasing
	your sole,
And live with your schoolmaster
	until the Minister returns!

			– Richard Bojezuk



