The Movement
Martyrs
Heroes of the Movement are more then
likely to be viewed as nartyrs. Many
significantly are not remembered as
people but by the name of their action

Ernesto "CHE" Guevara: the romantic "Cuban" guerr-
illa leader who was trapped and"killed"
(murdered in cold blood) in the mountains of
Bolivia by goverment forces aided by American
military and C.I.A. advisers.

Huey P. Newton: co-founder and Minister of Defence
of the Black Panther Party, convicted (under
circumstancial evidence) of killing a cop
who recognized his car plates and stoped it
(for no apparent reason - except to harass)

Boston Five: Spock, Coffin, Goodman, Raskin, and
Ferber connselei draft resistence. All but
Raskin convicted.

Catonsville Nine: Made napalm from Army recipe,

and they burned draft records

Milwaukee Fourteen and then waited for the

cops.

Fort Hood Three: Army privates who refused to go to
Vietnam;were amoung the first to defy military.
Released from stockade last fall.

Lenny Bruce: He told it like it was, in what ever
language it took to tell it. D. Aug.3,1966.

Fort Hood Fourty-three: Black soldiers who announced
they woul not go to Chicago for riot duty at
the Convention.

Oskland Seven: Organizers of to October,1967, Stop
The Draft Week, Busted on a potpourii of con-
spiracy raps.

Norman Morrison: He burned himself to death as an
ultimate protest against the war in Vietnam
outside the Fentagon.

the Conspiracy: Hizht men are being used as scape-
soats to cover up the police riot in Chicago,
amoung them include; Jerry Rubin, Abbie Hoff-
man, Dave Dellinger and Bobby Seale. Eight
cops were also indicted to bélance things off.

"The Constitution does not require integration. It

merely forbids discrimination. It does not forbid

such segreation as occurs as the result of volun-
tary action, It merely forbids the use of goverment
power to enforce sezregation.”
-court ruling
A VIEW THRUE THE TREES
Imagine that the world is exploding,
And shepherds are larfing at a dying
Minister,
You can't fly very High and your
pockets are torn,
So you panic and run to your
Friend, the Minister, ,
Larfing and selling strawberry tarts?!
But a thieve steals the Time
and tatoos an old woman,
So you stop at the corner and
kick an old soldier.
Meanwhile the Minister"dies"
and steals your shoes:
You flee from the city chasing
your sole,
And live with your schoolmaster
until the Minister returns!
Richard Bojezuk
