Everyone was thrilled over the drug bust on

HIGH St. 23 young people were caught with hard
drugs. The Mayor patted his back and the Chief
patted his back, the. "mod squad" stinks and the
state troopers ran around in their sharp suits-
everyone, especially the older people were really
happy to see the long hairs get busted. They
caught some smal] time pushers and users- Mayor,
Police Chief, State Troopers, Mod Squaders and
you FBI men seen around tovn why not go after

the big boys-yeah- the Mafia - Cosa Nostra,the
Syndicate - whatever name you call it -SCARED?
Word was out that the National Guard was on alert
during the Moratorium in Holyoke - riot police
were out training at Westover - Yes, Governor
Sargeant backed the Moratorium but no sense
taking chances with hippie, dippie peace lovers.
The Boycott of grapes is still om. Cesar Cha-
vez was in Boston Oct. 13 and things are picking
up. Negotiations between United Farm Workers Union
and several grape growers was on.

The Airplane’s new album is having trouble
being released. There are some ‘obscene’ words
which the record company is uptight about -
the cover has an American flag on it which the
government is uptight about -and the album's
title is the same as an American foundation and
they're threatening to sue if it's used.

BOSTON TEA PARTY
Jan. 24, 25
Lead Zepplin &
Johnny Winter
Any day now we shall be free.
Frinciple Moriarty threw out of the High School
three students for possesion of Breakthru. He
got mad at our Bellemy Award comment, his actions
covince us that he is trying
to abridge our right to free speech and freedom
of the press. We do not print smut,we are
constructive revolutionaries, Members of our staff
and people sympathetic to our purpose will not be
harassed’
See "FAT" OCT. 31 (Halloween)
2nd Congo (across from the War
Memorial) 3 piu. $2.00
People sre beginning to ask whether political
considerations are being regarded by the Nixon
administration as more important than the
letter o f the law.
For rent—downtown Mobile, Alabama
‘Two rooms
No electricity
No plumbing
$30 a month
era
Don’t Buy Grapes!
“In War, Truth Is
9
The First Casualty.”
OSUMIY.
