SAY WHAT?

	Many people have different connotations of Black Power. They think that blacks only want to riot. They feel that blacks are crazy because they are hurting only themselves, This is true only to a certain extent. The thing is, “whitey" takes notice. He realizes that he’s hurting and he is going to do something about it. So he runs to the top and complains about the niggers tearing up his property and burning down his stores and zap! something is done.
	The thing many fail to recognize is that Black Power is good. It gives black people a new sense of pride and togetherness.
	Black Power means, like I've said, different things to each individual. The basic wants are, I feel, the same for all of us. One is the maintaining of black communities by black businessmen and not some over-stuffed honky who is the sort of person who thinks he understands black people. We want our own schools in our communities with the same equipment as those of white schools. We want a chance to learn of our black forefathers in the making of United States history. We want to be looked upon as human beings and not some animal or sub-human creatures. We want the right to do our own thing.
	These “wants" can only be achieved if all people recognize the need for them. For the past four years it seems as though people do not. The only thing now left to do is to fight for it. The time for revolution is not too far away. I would rather see my man with a gun and fighting for what is his than bowing to some honky.
	Many blacks are beginning to realize that they all have a thing in common other than their blackness. That common thing is their oppressor. “Whitey".
	In conclusion I want to say this. The time is close at hand for something to happen. I strongly believe that a revolution will come because it is now the ultimate. Revolution means change and a great change in political, and social as well as economic aspects are immensely needed. So to all brothers and sisters especially to those of H.H.S. get yourselves together before it is too late. This is a plea from your concerned sister.

							- Sis. Lora Westbrook
	




