Red Men Have Rights, Too

There is quite an uproar today over the black man's
problems, But the Afro-Americants situation looks good next
to that of the American Indian. The black man in the ghetto
has poor food, bad housing, and substandard education.

The Indian on the reservation has poorer food, worse housing
ant no education.

The Indian reservations of the Southwest are located
in those areas with the least water for farming purposes,
the most extreme temperatures, and the least mineral wealth.
In other words, they have been thrust into the worst pos-~
sible places in the country. Afro-Americans complain of
the dilapidated housing which is all they can afford, The
ned man can not even afford that, He can not afford any-
thing save that which he makes and that which is given
him, In some states he is not permitted to vote,

On a few reservations, oil has been discovered. In
the fifties, Senator Robert Kerr (D-Okla.) wanted to dis-
place the Indians on those reservations. Kerr expected
that after a few of the customary protests the Indians
would accede to his demands. But this time the Indians
fought back, They took their case to the Oklahoma supreme
court, Turned down there, they appealed the decision to the
U. S. Supreme Court. Kerr tried every trick in the book,
but justice was done. Instead of the land being sold to
Sunoco, the highest bidder, by the government, it remained
the property of the Indians, whi sold the right to develop
it to Sunoco. Sunoco and the Indians are both much the richer
for that decision, But the importance of the whole case
was this; the Indians refused to be shoved around like
freight any more.

‘ Like the 1954 integration decision, that was only a
first step. The Indian may no longer be displaced, but
except for the "oil Indians'i their land is valueless. They
have no money and therefore, no way of leaving the reser-
vation, Even if no prejudices existed, they could not get
work, because work is too far away, and the Indian has
no transportation. (cont.)
