Ss¥ WHAT?

Many people have different connotations of Black
Power, They thind taht blacks only want to riot.

They feel timt blacks are crazy because they are hurt-
ing only themselves, This is true only to a certain
extent. The thing is.“whitey" takes notice, He realizes
that his hurting and he is going to do something about
it. So he runs to the top and complxins about the nig-
gers tearing up his property and burming down his stores
and zap! something is done.

The thing many fail to recognize is that Black
Fower is goods. It gives black peuple a new sense of
pride and togetherness.

Black Powew means, like I've said, different things
to ench individual, The basic wants are, I feel, the same
for all of us. One is the miintaining of black communities
by black businessmen ind not some over-stuffed honky who
is the sort of person who thinks he understands black
pecple. We want our own schools in our communities with
the same eqhipment as those of white schsdls. We want a
chance to learn of our black forefathers in the mking
of the United States history. We want to be looked upon
as human beings and not scme animal or sub-human creatures
We want the right to do our own things

These “wants* can only be achieved if all people rec-
ognize the need for them, For the past four years it seems
as though people do not. The only thing now left to do is
to fight for it. The time for revolution is not too far
away, Iwould rather see my man with a gun and fighting for
what is his than bowing to some honky.

Many blacks are beginning to realize that they all hve
a thing in common other than their blacknesse That common
thing is their oppressor, “Whitey".

In conclusion I want to say this. The time is close at
hand?for something to happene I:sbrongly believe that -
a revolution will come because it is now the ultimate.
Revolution means change and a great chenge in political, and
social as well as economic aspects are emensely needed. So
to all brothers and sisters especially to those of H.H.S.
