Peaceruil coexistence is one of the favorite
phrases the White man loves to harmonize on. Let a
Black man talk about Revoultion, the President in
Washington and every Senator 4m the house will
think he is crazy. Congress will get together and
gay we got to give these Black people a little more,
they are talking about overthrowing the goverment,
theywant to be boss, and you know it whl] drive a
white man out of his mind, thinking that a Black
person will be over them. Somewhere I read that
BRevolition means a complete change. It means the
destroying of an old system. You see how silly the
white man sounds talking about the Black man waging
some revolution. Sure, he is comdeming the system,
but he is not trying to over throw the system.

A true revohution was the overthrow of King
Farouk in Egypt and the succession of President
Nassar or when the Algerians threw out the French
who had been there for over 100 years.

I don't especially believe in Violence, I do
believe in justice. I believe if a White man is be-
ing robbed or attacked by Blacks and the law re-
fuses to protect him, he should protect himself by
any means necessary. So why 1s it wrong for a Black
man to protect himself? It seems to me sometimes
that the law and justice has turned against the
Black man. If non-violence means that I must continue
to let the White man bomb my church, shoot down my
leaders. If it means that the law that protects the
Whites refuses to protect me and excell wanton
violence upon me then “yes" I am for violence. If
you check your history books no where will you find
that the White man demostrated non-violence to the
Indians,

White supremacists want to Keep Blacks seperated
and surpressed, the way they do in So. Africa.

Blacks should not seek intergration because White
culture is decadent and inferior to the Black cul-
ture, Blacks should not want to be intergrated, but |
should want to be liberated.

Rejection is the only language that the White
society understands. This is the language that they
have so often used on the Black Society, so apparen-
tly this is the only language that they understand.

We love the Goverment. As of yet we cannot say
our our Goverment because it doesn't work for us,
just as we love America but truly cannot call our-e
selves Americans, Black people are victims of am~
ericanism, We want our Goverment to love us and we
want to be Americans. The first blood, for American
Tndependence was shed by a Black man, Crispus
Attucks.

What more does America want from its Black society.
10,000 of us fouzht in the Spanish American ‘War. 3,000
fought for American Independence under George Wash~
ington. No Black Man has ever betrayed his country
or attempted to assassinate a President or any
official of the Goverment.

America has lynched without trials 2,867 Blacks
jn 31 years. Not a single murderer has suffured,
fwenty thousand Black men fought for your liberty in
the Civil War. When has America had Democracy but in
theory, and fought for Black men? This is why I'm
for total seperation on an equal basis.

The White man, in face of his boasted civilsation
stands before my eyes as the demon of the world's
races, a monster incarnated, in so far as the Black
race is concerned. The White is a heathen, 4 fiend,
a monstrosity befor God, and is equal to any act in
the calendar of crime. I would sooner trust myself
in a den of hyenas, than in the arm of Whites.

With the Courts,the laws, and officers of law in
White hands, the despised Black can expect no mercy,
justice, nor protection. Black men are unsafe anywhere
in this country. He is the open prey at all times of
barbarians who know no restrains and will not be re-
strained. There 1s but one part left to the Black
when charged with a crime and is innocent. Be a law
