Right On!

If any of you freake, long hairs and hip people
read this paper and dig it then -- RIGHT ON!

‘Cause many mis-guided brothers and sisters will
reject us thinking we’re nothing but a drag. Some-
thing they can't get invto. They think that living
inside their heads "is where it's at®, They're liv-
ing in a fools parddise.

They are constantly seeking something that will
give them a better, "heavier", trip, They think they'r
FREE. But are they? Are they really FREE? or are they
really fooling themselves? They have developed a
self-centered attitude which is so commonly found
ain our world.

They believe that because they have rejected the
dress code society has produced, that they are
complete non-conformists. They develop their own
little clicks, And won't communicate with the
"stright" kids. They just can’t get into that
Non-conformists? Bullshit! They are doing nothing’
but making their own establishment.

What will happen when they realize that the army
or a factory is waiting at the end of their “thing,
Will they say,"I can't get into that". Because of
their passiveness of not giving a damn about the
System or a way of changing it that we're present-
ing. They will be forced to work in a factory, or
some lower position the system dictates.

The people in control of this country are happy
that these kids arn't doing a damn thing to unmask
them. To reveil the true machinery of this system.
They need surplus labor - this is their supply.

Mést kool, hip kids who don't imow what is going
on in this country are as much a part of the est-
ablishment as their partens. Who buys most of the
materialistic goods in thei country? Who are the
self-centered people who couldn't care less about
their Black, Indian and Puerto Rican Brothers and
Sisters,

We must come together and realize who is our
enemy. Who 1s keeping us down? Who has been shitting
on us?
The Beatles say that you got to change your head
before you can begin to change the world. The
Beatles talk for the MAN, ‘Cause they have enough
money to buy THEIR OWN ISOLATION no matter how much
it costs them: Rolls Royce, mansions, jet planes
celebrities, not free, just isolated. Al1 those
goods take you away from the real struggle, LIBERATION
So we say RIGHT ON! brothers and sisters. Our
struggle has just begun. We have a long, hard and at ;
times @ lonely road we must travel. We must educate
the uneducated. We must be a source of information
for those brothers and sisters who are in need of us. ,
: " \
Who IsThe Community? |

The Research Committee of the School Committee Co
announced that there was to be a meeting January 30, is
1970 at H.B.Lawrence Jr, High School. The meeting 8.
was held in order to acquire the opinion of the 2
public concerning the construction of a new Jr. High }
School at Crosier Field. ‘

It was quite evident by the film shot at the two
Jr. Highs and at the So. Chestnut School that thereis a
need for space,

At Lynch, the cafeteria, auditorium and library

were sectioned off and used for class rooms, At
ere ae vie also true. In The attic of the So.
estnut, School there was piles of 11 7 A
fire hashed. pile: umber, certain
The dispute between the Mayor and the School com
mittee is not that if we need a new school, but they
cantagree on a price for it. The Mayor wants to
spend 5 million and the School Committee want a a
million school. They are now in a compromise state,
The School Committee will try_and cut the price down
to a level that the Mayor will agree on.
