BREAKTHRU BANNED

BREAKTHRU members requested a hearing before the
holyoke School Committee concerning the selling of
this paper in the city's Public Schools. We were
granted the request and on January 19, 1970 we were
off to the School Department on Suffolk St.

We entered the building five minutes late. This |
tardiness prompted them to begin a search for us, |
(maybe they thought we were scared or something).
The thing was - we had to get some available issues
of BREAKTHRU, gathering some no.5 we were five min-
utes late. WE entered the room where the High
School Committee sat.

They had a seating arrangment planned. As soon as
we sat down Dr. Kelly demanded to know the names of |
my companions, Nervously I studdered, Miss Fitzpatri|
and Steve Makowski. We're from HCC and Steve is from
the High School." |

The room had an atmosphere of an inquisition and |
some of the questions thrown at us were, quite often
redundent. A Mr. Gladu came out with a good one, as
quoted from the Transcript, " after busily reading
a BREAKTHRU", Gladu remarked,"all I see here is
against the. system". But we must interject here
- if Mr. Gladu was busily reading the paper he obvi-
ously did not hear our answers to questions and he
obviously did not read the paper to well. If you
bought issue no. 5 you will noticethat on the cover
there 1s a sign STOP WAR and a story dealing with
the peace march in Washingtom. The story was written
by a pacifist. This article covered most of the back
page. We had two letters. A few quotes, our editor-
jal congradulating HHS for comming out of the dark
ages, and the Black Panther 10 Point Program, which
Gledu got very up tight over.

Another interesting point that we would Like to
bring out is the position Dr. Kelly took, All thru
the half hour session she kept asking if "Dr. Frost,
(the president of Holyoke Community College), ap-
proved of the paper," "did he know of tt‘’s existence
"was he allowing us to sell it at HCC?""did we speak
to him about the paper?". She kept harping on that
view point all nite long. DOES she think we need
Frost's approval to publish it?

continued see BREAKTHRU page 3
