s 2
editorial
HE PEOPLE of Holyoke will face a decision of great
4mportance when and if the licence of the STRAND is
revoked. We are faced here with freedom of
expression and individual right of viewing what
ever one likes. We do not think that the world will
| drop if these movies are taken away. Most of them
deal with one topic-sensationalism. But we must de-
fend the right to show them and the right of anyone
to view them, If the policemen who started this get
their way the next step will be to set up rules,that
will be enforced, telling us what to wear, eat
and who knows whati 198477777 ;
Mr, Nixon has done it again! He tells us that he
4s doing us a favor be vetoing the Health, Education '
and Welfare Bill. He says that by doing that he is
helping to stop infla_tion. He says that we must
stop needless spending. But it's allright to spend
pillions every year surpressing the people of So.
Vietnam through the form of Goverment there.
MR. NIXON doesn't care about the sick, ageing, the
poor, the hungry, the uneducated, the oppressed.
All he cares about is pleasing the people who put
him in office - the BIG businessman.
INFLA_TION IS everyones problem. But have you noticed
that all tactics to stop 1t are directed
thard the middle class. The people with all the
money arn't doing a thing. They can do something
more forceful. But why should they. If they can get
the middle-class to do it why should the give up any
of their spending.
If all the people in Springfield, who say that no-
thing can be done about Bay State West and the
Civic Center, satin at city hall - something would
happen.
dnS students think that because the dress code has
been changed everything is all right. WAke Up!
pS. the changing of the dress code actually
vegan last year. the people who deserve
the credit no longer attend Holyoke High
THE MORE I hear Mayor Taupier speak the more he
reminds me of Richard Nixon.
C.Ve
The economic gap between rich and poor is increasing,
according to the AFL-CIO. It points out that the
buying power of the average worker after taxes was
less in 1969 than in 1965, while "the greatest eco-
nomic gains of the 1960's went to business and to
wealthy families.”
2% of the U.S population controls 80% of the stocks )
Four teachers resigned from a Christian Reformed ;
grade school in Cicero, Ill., because of its refusal
to admit children of black church members,
“some people will talk about us, condemn us and will
call us troublemakers. But we say that the trouble
is in the system that creates these problems and not’
with the people who do something about them.” ‘
“This is my rifle...my friend...my life...my rifle |
and myself are the defenders of my country." This «
is The Creed of the Marine Rifleman. I
1
You TOO CAN BE PART OF THE LOTTERY [
JUST SEND YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS TO
SPIRO AGNEW 1
4way then with all those prophets who say to the :
people of Christ “Peace, peace", and there is no 4
peace. F
F
the white heroes, their hands dripping with blood, |
are dead 1
