communitas
COMMUNITAS is a Research Center located in Ward 2,
Holyoke, It also houses BREAKTHRU and various
organizations and area projects.
We of BREAKTHRU will, as part of our community
service and information function, let you know what
is happening at Communitas and what is happening in
the Holyoke Area. We hope through this column we
can reach people who would be interested in what is

: joing on in this area. We hope to inform.
fhe name of the column will de COMMUNITAS, But it
must be noted that all the events listed do not have
to be connected with the Research Center.

So if you have any information on something that

n Will take place in this area send it to us.

BREAK THRU
c/o COMMUNITAS a
13 Hamilton St.
Holyoke, Ma. 01040
MOUNT HOLYOKE COLLEGE presents at Chapin
Hall, at 8:00p.m, free except where noted
Black Lecture Series
Feb. 25 Afro-Am Folkloric Troupe $1.00
ed March 4 Black Religion
March 11 Black Americans and the City
April 8 W.E.B. DuBoise and the Beginning of
Negritude

: April 15 The Black University

THE OPEN University is planning a Religion

Seminar and a Drug seminar. If you have any

ideas please drop us a note and we will

Bive 1t to thé people at OPEN U.

pee a a, 2

Draft Counceling every Wednesday at the

Methodist Church, 30 Carew St., So, Hadley

tel. 467-4895 or 533-8709,

ee: Eee
ARTICULES BREAKTHRU  e@
1, Send pvems to Ihamilton =
opinions holyoke ma
hair

Here, as in other cases, the student's grooming
did not disturb the school’s “discipline, decorum

> or learning atmosphere," the CLU contends. The schoo:
therefore had no business interfering in an “inti-
mately personal matter."

ML In declaring the hair ban unconstitutional, the
Federal District Court had stated, "It is time to
broaden the constitutional community by including

1within its protection younger people whose claim to
dignity matches that of their elders."

t The court continueé, "So far as education of
young people in obedience is concerned, it is import.
ant for them to appreciate the present vitality of
our proud tradition that although we respect govern-
ment in the exercise of its constitutional powers,
we jealously guard our freedom from its attempts to
exercise unconstitutional powers.”

The Federal District Court in Boston ordered a
Matlboro student's suspension, voided and wiped
from his record, saying there was no reason for
suspension “excépt possibly the principla’s person-
al prejudice.” Citing Heraclitus, the Court ob-
served that "from different tones comes the best
tune." Attormey Daniel Levenson represented the
boy for the CLU of Massachusetts.
