					APOCALYPSE

	As we should all know, there has to be some chances in this school. Not just change for the sake of change, but for progress and betterment in the quality and up-to-dateness of our education. This has already been spearheaded by a group in this school with an example of change on the matter of ‘the hill.” It's nice that we children may now play on the hill but students, WAKE UP! We're here to get an education as we’ve been told so many times before by members of the older generation. The only good things about being allowed outside during lunch are that it shows a step toward more “power” for the students in ‘student government’ which is the way it should be if it's honestly going to be STUDENT government. It is also more conducive to the kind of education that is here and now. By “power” I do not necessarily mean the ability and permission to destroy, but being allowed to decide our own futures. The seniors are already pretty much out of the picture now so it is up to the juniors and sophomores to initiate the changes which must be made in order to keep up with the times.
	The dress code seems to be the big thing now. Students should be allowed the freedom to dress the way they so choose, as was pointed out in past issues – so long as they are clean, (Although as the dress code now stands we are not guaranteed of the cleanliness of an individual.) The argument has been put forth by the administration that a change in the manner of dress would be a distraction to both students and teachers. Can the administration honestly believe this? Or is it just another feeble excuse? Those who would dress sloppily if the code were changed are only those who dress that way now anyway. As for distractions, most would find a tight skirt more of a distraction than a girl in culottes or pants. The fact that a boy has long hair could not possibly impair his ability to learn and to get an education, but being forced to cut it could cause him to resent the very people he might be hoped to respect and want to learn from. It could, in the extreme, be detrimental to his mental well being and cause an opposition to any authoritarian image in the future.
	There are other issues though, that seem to have been overlooked by all but a few. These issues have a much more direct bearing on our education. We could certainly afford changes in curriculum, and also the student's role in choosing his curriculum. At present, I believe that only English should be compulsory, but even this point could easily be subject to change in the future. A student in a college preparatory course would most certainly need English just to survive in college, and as for non college courses, a good use of English would be helpful, and it seems, unfortunately, that a person is still judged by his usage of English among other superficial things. Students who know that they wish to major in a certain area should be encouraged to set up a course of studies to his advantage rather than being pushed into certain courses simply because a counselor says there are too many students who want a course, or vice versa, not enough students. If there is a great demand for a particular course then it should be obvious that the number of classes and teachers should be increased.
	Guidance counselors are supposed to help advise us as to what courses would be advantageous, not force us into courses. Many colleges are now trying to do away with language requirements for students who want to go into areas of science, math, etc.
	Perhaps the biggest gripe of students is the attitude of teachers. A good teacher can come across to a class of any size. Likewise, a poor teacher can bore to death even the most minimal of sized classes which came in eager to learn. Teachers with old methods will try to rationalize the situation by believing that if their methods have worked for so long: - why change? But did their techniques ever really work or did the students of past years simply not want to involve themselves in any fight for better teaching? Were those students even AWARE of what was going on? That is one reason why a paper of this nature is run for. Not to force our beliefs on the entire student population, not to necessarily cause trouble, but to make people AWARE that there is more than one side to anything. It is to