THE DRAFT: conclusion

In past issues, wo have showm certain shortcomings in the present
Selective Service System. Je believe that the adoption of the Lottery
sponsered by Sonators sdward il. Kennedy and Clifford F. Case would
alleviate many of the problems of conscription.

A .ottery Suster means sinply that, after certain exenptions,
those elicible for the draft would be subject to sone kind of a blind
drawing. ‘thus, local draft boards would not anke the firnl selection
of those who would be drafted.

4 Lottery Systen has beer used before in the U.3. TI 1843, the
sederal Syrolinent Act was passed. Under this act, the names of
potential drafteos were written out on cards and placed ir boxes or
wheols fron which they were drawn, on card at a time in full vublic
view. there were suspicions of manipulation in this nethod, however,

jhen World var I broke out,a revised system of Lottery was used.
Every possible sttempt was made to insure the honesty of the systcm.
Slips of paper containing the nane and nuqnver of each potertial draftce
was enclosed on selatin capsules, plice in a lass bowl and carefully
stirred with a ladle. ihe disnitarics who did the dravin: were care-
fully blindfolded. Jo serious criticisms of these dravinzs ever Be”
occured.

This system worked durin: WWI, but in w.Il almost 25 million men
were involved. Classifications and deferments made drawin7s nearly
impossible, so the Federal sovernnent went over to the present system.

Senator Kennedy devised o syst-m whereby lottery could be used in
an orderly man-er. Lieutenant general Louis 3. ‘ershev discrihbed the
system in this way: “...Birthdays =re one thin everybody has. So
you could get = random arrarcerent of birthdays thet would break then
into 365 vroups bearing a sequential relationshiy to each other. And
this would let youcal! men up in that rendom order of birth dates...“

In other words, 217 men ct»csified 1-A and havine a birthday on,say,
May 1, would be drafted 2t the sane time.

Carolyn Hester
STAPF
sDITOR: Carlos Vega muna Fie HAMILAGS TL.
. ASSISTANT EDITOR: Carolyn ester SOUYH aAULYOKE

STAFF JRILHRS: Bill Goglin 10 awn. - 3 Dem
pus aunties ALL STUDENTS IsVITHD TO ATTEAD =‘
Lora Westbrook Find out what's happéniny in our
Gary Kaulmeyer city
30b Dunn
