THE DRAFT: conclusion
	In past issues, we have shown certain shortcomings in the present Selective Service System. 
We believe that the adoption of the Lottery sponsored by Senators Edward M. Kennedy and Clifford P. Case would alleviate many of the problems of conscription.
	A Lottery System means simply that, after certain exemptions, those eligible for the draft would be subject to some kind of a blind drawing. Thus, local draft boards would not make the final selection of those who would be drafted.
	A Lottery System has been used before in the U.S. In 1863, the Federal Enrollment Act was passed. Under this act, the names of potential draftees were written out on cards and placed in boxes on wheels from which they were drawn, one card at a time in full public view. There were suspicions of manipulation in this method, however.
	When World War I broke out, a revised system of Lottery was used. Every possible attempt was made to insure the honesty of the system. Slips of paper containing the name and number of each potential draftee was enclosed on gelatin capsules, placed in a glass bowl and carefully stirred with a ladle. The dignitaries who did the drawing were carefully blindfolded. No serious criticisms of these drawings ever occurred.
	This system worked during WWI, but in WWIl almost 25 million men were involved. Classifications and deferments made drawings nearly impossible, so the federal government went over to the present system.
	Senator Kennedy devised a system whereby lottery could be used in an orderly manner. Lieutenant General Louis B. Hershey described the system in this way: “...Birthdays are one thing everybody has. So you could get a random arrangement of birthdays that would break them into 365 groups bearing a sequential relationship to each other. And this would let you call! men up in that random order of birth dates…”
	In other words, all men classified 1-A and having a birthday on, say, May 1, would be drafted at the same time.

								- Carolyn Hester


STAFF

EDITOR: Carlos Vega 
ASSISTANT EDITOR: Carolyn Hester 
STAFF WRITERS: 
Bill Goglin 
Dave Potvin

Sue Bradley
Lora Westbrook
Gary Kaulmeyer 
Bob Dunn


SEMINAR ON URBAN CRISIS
JUNE 7 15 HAMILTON RD.
SOUTH HOLYOKE 
10 a.m. - 3 p.m.
ALL STUDENTS INVITED TO ATTEND 
Find out what’s happening in our city

