6) Keeping morale up--against opposition, both physical and psychologic
, cal, from the Administration and fellow students, these students
have not shirked their duty in doing what is righto
7) Sustaining the true American Revolutionary Spirit--regardless of
school rules, state laws, and federal laws, fighting for what is
right under Moral Law in both political and personal matterse
Author of The Pledge of Allegiance Against the Flag;

Phil Ochs, the Kipling of the New Left, was born Dec» 19, 1940,
in El Paso, Texas, the son of a doctor attached to an Army base there.
Looking at him now, you see a lot of irony like that, Also ironic was
his high school--Staunton Military Academy--and the fact that Senator
Barry Goldwater handed Phil his dipioma.

Attending Ohio State University, Phil branched out. In his third
year there he helped form a folk group calied "The Sundowners* (sub-
titled “The Singing Socialists") with Jim Glover now with Jim&Jeans
He also started a leftist newspaper called The Word.

Now Phil is dedicated to The Revolution, working in different
wayse He worked for McCarthy, singing at numerous rallies. He was
active in Chicaco last summer, both with McCarthy and on the streetse
He was one of those bustedfor nominating Pigasus, the pig, for Prese
on the YIPPIE} ticket. When the pigs busted into McCarthy's suite and
cracked heads, Phil was there to0e

He is also involved in the student movement. During the iibera-
tion of Columbia a year ago, Phil was there to entertain the peoples
Just recently, he was in Boston supporting the student occupation and
strike at Harvard.

Active in the anti-war movement, Phil has sung and played his
guitar at many marches and rallies.

The best way to find out what Phil Ochs is all about is to listen
to his songs. They reflect his feelings perfectly and are moving at
the same time. He has six albums out now~-three on Elektra and three
on A&M, You owe it to yourself to buy all of them.

Pere ijpdenadaaaeae ine Saas Sip dnsadadaamaadessaesen Sadaahnedeseaece STIGiae teaads ahaa dansacnadededalasadane Tedadaahdedadeaesadedesdete TERR RTT RARE RRO EORE Sinodinedess Sadana: Saab abdacadesacs ese

“This country with its institutions belongs to the people who ines

2 habit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government,
they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or their
revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it.“

--Abraham Lincoln -First Inaugural Address-
