				M.D.S. Peace Rally Part II

	The next speaker was Roxanne Dunbar of the Women's Liberation Movement in Boston. She explained how the women of the world have been used as surplus labor during times of male labor force inadequacies. “During World War II women were used in factories," she stated, “then when the war ended they were put back into their roles as housewives." "We must obtain power to change this." If there is to be a revolution “women must be liberated first." “...Women must be free of manipulation,” she continued, "They cannot do anything until they are set free." She said, “From childhood the female has been oppressed and the oppressor has been the male.” “Women are restless in America," and she firmly stated, "men must learn to be mothers.”
	Russell Johnson, an active member of the Friends Service Committee, spoke next. Since he deals with our current problem in So. East Asia his topic was centered there. He stated that "I don't believe most people do not know change is necessary.“ He told of personal experiences with the power structure, Senators, Congressmen and members of national known clubs. "They did not listen to what I had to say," now he notices that they are willing to "hear me out." "Direct action is important,” Johnson said, “Don't lie back and take it easy." He advised "the Vietnamese will not give up."
	Marge Swann, an unscheduled speaker, spoke next. Marge is an older member of the Committee for Non-Violent Action. "We must make changes or we'll have more Vietnams." She said, “We are counting on you not to give up; not to get in your cars - go home and forget." Making chances being in the MOVEMENT is "a full time job" Marge stated. “We must use all the resources we have: time, money and commitment." “We know what‘s wrong. Conservatives!" She defined them as being people who “live their own lives, not caring about their brothers',” people who drop out, “hippies” which are selfish - are conservative. “The use of violence doesn’t bring basic change, we need - brotherhood." “We mustn't use the methods of the oppressor, WE must be CREATIVE." She plugged non-violence and stressed creativity and ended up by remarking, “Stop fooling around on your part time basis, GET TO WORK, or we'll all go up in smoke together." 
	TOM BELL head of the Springfield Area MDS stated, “We must build organization to make change,” The open mike session was next and a man led the crowd in “HELL NO WE WON'T GO.” Different people started to rap, this led to a rapper with a “brainwashed" Chicopee youth ready to fight “right or wrong" for his country’s mistakes. He was shot down from all sides. This rap got weary and all split.

el Che vive 								Free Huey P Newton



