Canine Liberation Front

	The aldermen have taken it upon themselves to say that dogs do not have the right to run around freely. We're having enough trouble trying to free the oppressed people of the world – so what do they do next? – they pass a leash law so now even a dog, man's best friend, can’t travel freely.
	Well, we're sure as hell not gonna take this! The aldermen can’t tell a dog it’s against the law for him to be free. But the law goes deeper than that. The majority of children won't be able to play with dogs now. They won't be able to learn about animal life in that they won't come into contact with dogs as they have been doing. The free dogs that run around have been petted, played with, and loved by children of all ages. You're not gonna take that away from us! You will have to go through our Resistance!
	The Canine Liberation Front is being organized! The Liberation of all dogs is the driving force behind our tactics: any dog we find tied up we will untie – we will talk to people walking dogs on leashes and try to convince them to set the dog free – when the authorities try to capture free dogs, we will go into non-violent-civil disobedient-obstruction and stop them. Dog Lovers of Holyoke, unite!

*---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*

	There is a drastic need for change in this country, and the SDS is one group trying to provoke change. But the Establishment and dissidents alike sometimes overlook the fact that, although SDS is not Communist orientated, it is subject to infiltration (like all organizations) by dissimulated persons of a Communist element.
	In society today, anarchy to a certain degree, is necessary to tear people down off their pedestal in life and to get them to start thinking about helping others.
	But the above named infiltrators do not stop at anarchy as a basis for change, but use it as a tool for the complete overthrow of our country. Our government screws, but to destroy whatever freedom we have and allow a “Big Brother” form of government (i.e. Russia, Red China) to take over, would be a regression from our cause. Use the mind God gave you, and be an individual among others, whether it be the SDS, the Establishment, or whatever. 

										– B.V.D.


To be anything more than all I am
would be a lie.
			– Airplane



