: APOCALYPS 3

4s ve should al] Imow, there has to be some chances in this school, ‘ot just
change for the sake of change, but for progress and betterment in the quality and
woeto~dateness of our education, This his elready been snovearheaded by 2 group
‘in this school tith an ereimle of chanve on the naticy of ‘the hili.” It's nice
that ve children rey not play on the hill but students, Ki UPI Je're here to
set an education as tre*ve been told so nam tines before by riombers of the older
generation, The only + jcod' things about being alloved outside durin; lunch are
that it shows a ste tovard morse “pover' for the students in ‘stvdent govormmant:
which is the way it should be if it's honestly going te bo STUDALT governont, It
is also more condusive to the Icind of eduention that is here and now, iy * 2ouer*
I do net necessarily mean the ability and permission to destroy, but being allved
to decide our om futures, The soniors are already pretty much out of the picture
nor so it is up to the juniors and sovhonores to initiate the changes “hich rust be
nade in order to keop up with the tires.

The dress code seers to be the big thing now, Students should be alloved the
froedon te dress ther vox they so chooso, as was pointed out in vast issues- so
long as they are clean, (Although as the dress code not stands ve aro not cuaranteed
of tho cleanliness of an individual.) Tho arent has been put forth by the ad-
winistration that a chenge in the manner of dress trould be a distraction to both
students and teachers, Can the administration honestly believe this? or is it just
another fecble exeuse? Those tho vould dross slopoily if the ecde vere chaned.
are only those who dross that way nov anyyey. is for distractions, most treuld find
a tight skirt wore of 2 distraction than a ~ivl in culottes or vants, Tho fact
that a boy has lon; hair could not nossibly immair his ability to learn and to vet
an education, tut being ferced to cut it could cause hin to resent the very vcosle
he rright be hoved to respect and yent to learn from, It could, in tho extrere,
be detrinental to his rental sell teins and cause an opposition to any authoritarian
image in the future.

There are other issues thoush, that seem to have been overlooked by all but
a fer. These issues have a much “ore direct bearing on our education. © Te could
eortainly afford chan es in curriculum, and also the student's role in choosing his
curriculum, At present, I believe that only Inglish should be campulsory, but even
this voint could easily be subject to change in the future, 4 student in a ecllege
preparatory course vould most certainly need inc lish just to survive in colle.e,
and as for non collece courses, a good use of English would be helpful, and it
seems, unfortunately, that a xerson is still judged by his usage of Inglish anon;
other suverficial things, Students who Imo that they trish to major in a certain
area should bo encouraged to set up a course of studies to his advantage rather
than bein; pushed into certain courses simoly because a counsolor says there ore
too many students ho went 2 course, or vice versa, not enouzh students, If there
is a great demend for a particular course then it should be obvious that the
munber of classes and teachers should be increased.

Guidance counselors are swoposed to hel» advise us as to what courses vould be
adventarjeous not force us into courses, iany colleges aro now trying to do avay
with lanvuayo requirenents for students tho vant to so into areas of science, math,
etc,

Perhers the biggest srive of students is the attitude of teachers, 4 good
toecher can cone across to a class of eny size, Likewise, a poor toacher can bore
to death uven the most rinine) of, sized élassas which cane in eager to learn.
Teachers trith old nethods trill try to rationalize the situation by believing that
if their iethods heve worked for so lon: - why chanyo? Tut did their techniques .
ever really work or did the students of past years simply not vant to involve then-
selves in any fight for better teaching. ‘cre those students even AJARE of -rhat .
yas going on? That is one reason why a caper of this nature is run for, “ot to
force our beleifs on the entire student vonulation, not to necessarily cause trouble,
but to make poople AVYARE that there is more than one side to anything, It is to
