Drugs in the Movement
Drugs. This seems to be a great hang-up with many people, Today there
seems to be a great increase in drugs, t e hightlightcd one being pot.
If you get right down to it they are no big thing. Anybody can do thet
thing, .like wov.

For many black people drugs are used as an escape method. An es~
cape from reality. They want to get away from the frustrations and pro-
lems that plague and lead their lives. Many of the black people on drugs
are young and potential black men women. Have you ever seen a 12 year
old junkie? It's a terrible thing. We as a group of people have to get
ourselves together and drugs are one of our hang-ups. It is a beautiful :
felling to get high granted, but when the shit goes down is being going
to help? Hell noi A great majority of blackdrug users do not realize
this either. We all know whitey controls everyting and in his control
are drugs also, He knows black people in our major cities are easy prey
and he goes in warping winds and exploitint our people.

The thing now is whet can be done, This is not an easy problem and
I dontt know the solution, I hove that any black brother or sister who
reads this teke this as a plea to pleace try and get away from this thin;
The only thing drugs really do in the end is screw you up! This is what
whitey wents and he knows you are vulnerable.

If you sisters and brothers really want to get yourselves together
you have to tive this thing up. If you vant to talk to some ome get in
touch with me and I will send you to black people who have experienced
this shit. Remember time is running out!

Sistef Lora Vestbrook
ae ea ee eee eee ee
read his book Write Me In
Dick Gregory asks you to: .
stop shaving,
stop buying cigerrettes
stop getting yourhair cut
stop buying dress clothes
ALL UNTIL THE WAR IN VIETNAM IS OVER AND TROOPS ARE
é BROUGHT HOME . =
EESAE'SSAESLSS’O" CARGLC AGATE wean’ "Book Sat Eid, youtze” gonna” get "hit
sandals But users, cheaters
Try to avoid the scandals Six times losers
Don't want to be a bum Hang around the theaters
You better chew gum Girl by the wirlpool
The pump don't work Looking for a new fool
tCause the vandals took the handles Don't follow leaders
-DYLAN Watch the parkin! meters
