	I've heard a lot of talk about how the problems of our society are going to be solved. About how someone is going to help the Black man by building him “prettier” ghettos, or how someone else is going to rid our schools of their problems by changing a few rules, or about how someone is going to destroy the problem of drug abuse by rehabilitating a few dope addicts. All these people might enjoy a little success at first, but within a few years the “pretty” ghettos will once again be dark and ugly. The once new rules will be old and outdated, and the rehabilitated addicts will be outnumbered by the new generation's junkies. All these people are going to fail because they are not attacking the true cause of all of the problems that plague our world today, These problems are caused by an old antiquated system of education. An Education that shoves trivia into our heads and tells us it's important. An education that teaches us to hate aNegro, to hate a Communist, without telling us Why? An education that is run by a bunch of half-assed fools who sit in their offices all day and pray. They"re destroying our lives and the world we live in.
	It is as if we were living in the 1850’s instead of the 1960's. In the 1850's, the administration had an excuse; they were living in their own world, set apart by a communication gap.
	Yet today, when we can see and talk to a person on the other side of the world we are still going to school and learning the 3R's as our ancestors did, instead of learning to understand what that man and the people and places on the other side of the world are like. One day they may confront us with a critical problem, and due to a lack of understanding of their culture and ideals on our part, we may back down, possibly back down all the way to our graves.
	If a new system of education was established in which you would be taught to love and understand life instead of hating it, there would be no fear of a world war. There would be no discrimination among men. There would be no student unrest. There would be no problem with drug abuse…
	Almost all of the problems and fears that face us today would vanish, and the world would once again become a beautiful place in which to live.

								– Coup d'Etat 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS IS THE LAST ISSUE FOR THE SCHOOL YEAR ‘68-’69. BUT DON’T DESPAIR. THE FLOWER OF THE UNDERGROUND SHALL RETURN * UNDER NEW/OLD MANAGEMENT.

WE WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL SUPPORTERS AND CONTRIBUTORS FOR MAKING THE PAPER A VOICE OF THE OPPRESSED.

