M.D.S. Peace Rally Part 11

i The next speaker was Roxanne Dunbar of the Women's Liberation Move-
ment in Boston. She explained how the womenof the world, have been used
as surplus labor durinr times of a male labor force inadequacies.
“During worlAwar 11 women were used in factories" she stated, “then when
the war ended they were put back into their roles as housewives."
eee ‘We must obtain power to chanze this." If there is to be a revolue.~
tion “women must be liberated first," ...'/Jomen must be free of manipula-
tion,” she continued,"They cannot do anything until they are set free."
She said,“From childhood the female has been oppressed and the oppressor
has been the male.“ “Women are restless in America," and she firmly
stated,"men must leern to be mothers,"

Russell Johns on, an active member of the Friends Service Committee
spoke next. Since he deals with our current problem in So. East Asia
his topic was centered there, He stated that "I don't believe most
people do not know change is necessary.“ He told of personal experien-
ces with the power structure , Senators, Congressmen and members of
national known clubs. "They did not listen to what I had to say,"
now he notices that they are willing to "hear me out." "Direct action is
important,” Johnsbm said, “ don't lie back and take it easy." He adviced
"the Vietnamese will not give up."

Marge Swann, an unscheduled speaker,spoke next. Marge is an older
member of the Committee for Non-Violent Action. "We must make changes
or we'll have more Viet Nams." She said, “We are counting on you not to
give up; not to get in your cars - go home and forget." Making chances
being in the -NOVEMENT is "a full time job" Marge stated. “We must use
all the resources we have: time, money and commitment." “We know what‘s
wrong. Conservatives!" She defined them as being people who “live their
own lives, not caring about their'brothers'*, people who drop out,
“hippies” which are selfish - are conservative. “The use of violence
doesn’t bring basic change, we need ~ brotherhood." “We musn’t use the
methods of the nppressor, WE must be CREATIVE." She pluged non-violence
and stressed creativity and ended up by remarking, “Stop fooling around
on your part time basies, GET TO WORK, or we'll all go up in smoke to-
gether."

TOM BELL head of the Springfield Area MDS stated"we must build
organization to make change,” The open mike session was next and a man
lead the crowd in “HELL NO WE WON'T GO? Different people started to rap,
this lead to a rappor with a “brain washed" Chicopee youth ready to fight.
“right or Wrongs" for his country’s mistakes. He was shot down from all
sides, This rap got weary and all split.

61 Che vive Free Seuy PF Newton
