present reasons for dissent to the students to decide for themselves, whenever the situation dictates it necessary.

	We realize that there are some methods which at present cannot be improved upon but there are so many that can be. Why shouldn't responsible students be allowed to give opinions in the form of a type of optional report on an instructor's teaching methods and effectiveness. Is it so hard to see that when the majority of a class has D's and flunking marks that there is something wrong with the instructor’s methods of teaching. But because the teacher has been in the school system for so long a period of time, it seems to make him or her exempt from any kind of follow-up investigation after numerous complaints from students. Examining the other side, why should now teachers be fearful of introducing new methods and thought provoking ideas to their students under penalty of losing their jobs? Why should a teacher who tries to make his students think about the world around them by presenting; as many facets to things as possible, be censured for his actions? Students must learn to reason for themselves if they are to survive in an ever changing sophisticated society.
	To speak in less general terms – it seems that there are teachers in this school who stifle any creativity in a student. The teacher's point of view is the only point of view! The fact is recognized though, that there are teachers who go out of their way to be fair. They honestly listen to students, they are more than willing to give additional help and when a great number of students fail a test they are honest enough with themselves to realize that something is wrong and they try to ratify their mistake. These are teachers who CARE. But what about those who don’t give a damn? You know the kind. They brush you off when you go back for help or they simply hand you an extra assignment when help is sought. They appear to be fighting a nonexistent battle for power over students. They are frustrated souls who decided that taking courses in education in college seemed to be fairly easy and teaching has become more or less a job that they are stuck with.
	Maybe the problems teachers face started when they were in college which would make it seem pretty impossible for high school students to do much about it. Perhaps if the job paid more there would be a different breed of teachers in the future, They could care more about their students if they weren't so wrapped up in second jobs and budgeting. Psychology courses for education majors could be recommended, Of course we don’t want a bunch of pseudo-psychologists running around who think they've got everyone figured out, but a psychology course which would prepare teachers to communicate with students.
	There is a very noticeable lack of communication and cooperation, not only between teachers and students, but between teachers and the administration, because of teachers’ disdain for the highest echelon of the administration in the school system they use us as their scapegoat and blame our school administration for things that don’t go the way they want them to, but they don't do much about it except behind their backs. Just as there are students who are more responsible and who can take changes in stride using it for their benefit and further edification, there are also more responsible teachers.
	As has been seen, there are students who do not know how to handle such a petty privilege as being allowed out on a hill, but this sort of minority is to be expected. The administration should be commended because in all fairness it has not reprimanded the majority because of the minority in this minuscule matter.
	Will the administration be able to find in itself, in the future, the fairness and open mindedness in policies that have a direct bearing on our education? It is up to the students to make these needed changes obvious to the administration. How about everybody doing some thinking – if you do we can look forward to quite a lot of progress next year. Decide where you stand and stick behind your beliefs!

STUDENTS UNITE!!							– Sue Bradley



