; present reasons for dissent te the students to decide for thousolves, tthenever the
situation dictates it necessary.

Je realize that there are some nethods wich at vresent can not be inoroved
upon but there are so maimy that can be, ‘hy shouldn't responsible students ‘se
alloted to give opinions in the fora of a type of optional report on an instructor's
teaching methods and effectiveness, Is it so hard to see that hen the na jority
of a class has d's and flunkine marks that thore is sovething rons; tith the in-
structor’s wothods of teaching, “wt because tho teachor has been in the school
syster for so long = period of time, it seens to make him or her exermt fron any
kind of follov-up investigation after nunerous cormlaints from students, sxemining
the other side, tx should nov teachers be fearful of introdveing net methods and
thou ht provolcin, ideas to their students under penalty of losing their jobs? hy
should a teacher tho trys to make his students think about the orld around then
by presentin; as wany facets to things as vossible, be consured for his actions?
Students must learn to reason for thorselves if they are to survive in an ever
chansing soshisticated society.

To sneak in less general terms ~ it seems that there are teachers in this
school tho stifle any creativity in a student, The teacher's point of vie is the
only point of vier! The fact is recorynized thouyh, that there are teachers tho
co out of thoir uay to be fair, They honestly listen to students, they are more
than willin:, to give additional helo and then 2 sreat nurber of students fail a
test they are honest enough with themselves to realize that sonothin:; is trons, and
they try to ratify their mistake, These are teachers uho CARS, Tut irhat about
those who don’t give a dann? You know the kind, They brush you off when you so
baek for helo or ther simply hand you an oxtra assicnnent «yhen help is sought.

They appear to be Fighting a non oxistent battle for nover over students, They
aro frustrated souls tho decided that taking courses in education in collese seened
to be fairly easy and teaching has becowe more or less a job that they are stuck
with.

,aybe the problors teachers face started then they tere in colleze which would
nake it seer pretty imoossible for hich school students to do much about it, lLere
haps if the job .-id wore there vould be a different breed of teachers in the
future, They could caro nore about their students if they treren't so urapned wo
in second jobs and budgeting. Psyeholosy courses for education majors could be
recornended, Of course “re don’t want a bunch of vseudomnsychologists running
around vho thinls they've cot everyone figured out, but a nsycholocy course which
vould orepare teachers to communicate with students.

There is a very noticoable lack of commnication and cooperation, not only be-
tareon teachers and students, but between teachers and the administration, “ecause
of teachers’ disdain for the highest echelon of the adsinistration in the school
system they use us as their scanesoat and blane our school administration for things
that don’t so tho vay they want them to , but they don't demuch about it excest
behind their backs, Just as there are students who are more responsible and iho
ean tate chances in stride using it for their benefit and futher edification, there
are also nore resconsible teachers.

‘is has been seen, there are students sho do not mor hoi to handle such a
vetty wrivilege as boi, alloted out on a hill, but this sort of minority is to be
exoected, ‘The administration should be commended because in all fairness it bas not
veprinandsd the najority beeause of the nainority in this ririscule watter,

“411 the aduwinistration be able to find in itself, in the future, the fairness
and open mindedness in policies that have a direct bearing on our educstion? It is
up to the students to sake these needed changes obvious to the administration.
tor about everybody doing some thinkin; - if you do ve can look forvard to quite 2
lot of orosress next year. Decide there you stand and stick behind your beliefsi

STUDS TS UITI:

Sue “radler
