I've heard a lot of talk about how the problems of cur society are

- going to be solved. About how someone is going to help the Black man
by building him “prettier” ghettos, or how someone else is going to rid
our schools of their problems by changing a few rules, or Bbout how
someone is going to destroy the problem of drug abuse by rehabilitating
‘a few dope addicts. All these people might enjoy a little success at .
first, but within a few years the “pretty” ghettos will once again be
dark and ugly. The once new rules will be old and outdated, and the
rehabilitated addicts will be out numbered by the new generation's
junkies, All these people are going to fail because they are not
attacking the true cause of all of the problems that plague our world
today, These problems are caused by an old antiquated system of educa-
tion, An‘education.shat shoves trivia into ovr heads and tells us it's
important. An education that teaches us to hate « Negrc, to hate a
Conmunist, without telling us Why? An educabion that is runned by a
bunch of half-assed fools who 3it in their offices all day and pray.
They"re destroying our lives and the world we live in.

It is as if we were living in the 1856°s instead of the 1960's.

In the 1850's, the administration had an excuse; they were living in
their own world, set apart by a communication gap.

Yet today, when we can see and talk to a person on the other side
of the world we are still going to school and learnings the 3R's as our
ancestors did, instead of learning to undevtand whatthat man and the
people and places on the other side of the world are like. One day
they may confront us with a critical problem,and due to a lack of under-
standing ,of their culture and ideals on our part, we may back down,
possibly back down all the way to our graves.

if a new system of education was establish. in whic? reu wouid be
taught to love and tinderstand life insteai fF Geviiug ut, Shere wouwli be
ao fear of a world war. There would be 215 Cisscimination emciuig mei,
There would be no student unrest. There would be no problem with drug
abUSee.oe

Almost all of the problems and fears that face us today would
vanbsh, and the world would once again gecome a beautiful place in which
to live.

—Coup d'Etat E

acta) agSSB ETL RUP TY soeade)#)e)_gwC TONY VBS RSI SNT Tate

THIS IS THE LAST ISSUE/O, THE WE WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL A
SCHOOL: YEAR 16821695 BUT DON'T DIS SUPPORTERS AND CONTRIBUTERS |
PARE. THE FLOWER OF THE UNDERGROUND FOR MAKING THE PAPER A
ae RETURN * UND#SR NEW/OLD MANAGE} VOIC! OF THE OPPRESSED.
