vON'D LEGALIZE POT, LIBSRALIZ# THE
wRUG LAWS
I feel Sick. Not a disgusted sick or an a
angry sick bub a sickness that sinks to my
stomach ag if it were hollow. A sickness that
honestly makes my heart ache. I feel this way
whenever I think of all the INNOCENT young
people who have been caught up in this society's
drug lawse I am not alone in this feeling.
Many of the older generation that is still a
thinking and caring generation feels this way.
You kmow, you've heard them say how awful it is
that so and so's son or daughter is in jail or
was arrested for smoking pot. Or when they
pick up the morning paper and shake their heads
because some young people who are still "just
children" have been busted. This is mostly the
reaction of the upper and middle class parents,
but do they do anything about it?? Not many of
them, Not antil it's their children who are
being busted. I don't mean for hard drugs ei-
ther. lhese kids are not addicts, they smoke
grass or hash now and then and can see no harm
in it because their is no real physical harm im
it and little or no harm in it psychologically,
devending, as with everything, on the individual.
The only really big harm is getting caught. I
‘am certainly not radical in my beliefs. I may
not even be very liberal. I just know what is
right and I imow that seeing, young people's
lives ruined because of narsh drug laws is NOT
right. I believe that these laws should be
"softened" considerably. At most, the offender
should be fined (If the mafiats making money on
erass, why not the government?) if not fined,
then have some privelege taken away for a time,
such as his driver's liscenee for six months.
The penalty should coincide with the amount of
grass the offender has in his possession. If
it's more than an ounce then there's 2 good
chance he plans on selling some of it and the
penalty should be a little harsher than one who
would be suspected to possess it for personal
use, (keep in mind that I am speaking only in
terms of marajuana and hashish not hard drugs)
Under no circumstances should a person be thrown
in jail for the simple possession or use of
marajuana. He would undoubtedly be put in with
people who really are criminals and this would
be of no benefit to either the individual or
society as a whole. ‘There must be something
done about these laws. They must be liberal-
ized. It is people like you who must do some-
thing about it. If you're a student, have you
ever tried feeling them out on this subject?
Maybe show them this article? Adults: write
to zope congrssman, senator, mayor, local news—
paver’
what about the arguements against completely
legalizing marijuana?
It cannot be treated like alchol with a
2{ year age limit on ite 50 what kind of an
age limit could you put on it? It hasn't been
around long enough in tne American society to
even guess what effect legalization would
have. zeople can drink “socially”, but no one
judt smokes socially so it could not really be
sold the way alcohol is at a bar etc. An ine-
briated person is as much a menace if not more,
than a smoker. However, not everyone goes to
a bar to cet drunk.
aggections: If the govt. could regulate
the quality of grass that circulates to elimi-
nate heroine treated grass etc. it would take
much of the hazards out of smoking.
