Even though the Moratorium of Oct. 15 was a while
ago we feel we must write about it. Our printing
times are a little off butvetter late then never.
As far as we can say there wi!1 be Moratorium
activities held in this area in Nov. More info will
reach the High Schools thru leaflets we will prob-
ablv print up.
But we musn't overlook some of the after effects and
ideas which have evolved from the Oct.15,Maratoriun.
The New York Daily News Thought it was a joke
they're the ones who said that everyone participating
in the Moratorium were either "kooks", "Communists"
or Communist Dupes" -pick a category- they had a
drawing of two men who had just taken part in th
activities and one man,with his hand on the others’
shoulder saying "Now Let's Get Behind The President".
It's papers like these that cause people to unrightly
suspect legitimate actions. Papers who scare everyone
by claiming a communist under every bed have this
country's eyes bloodshot.
Another great aggitator and disrupter of PEACE is no
other then the man himself Spiro Agnew. He has at
every opportunity smeared the organizers and part-
icipants of the Moratorium by name calling and smut
throwing tactics. The president didn't do anything
about it and as far as we can deduct he aggrees with
everything Spiro had to say. Agnew is keeping up the
dirty work for the Administration.
The moratorium was all together peaceful(even if some
boos were heard for Taupier). But who can guarentee
the same for November. Agnew has inflamed extreme
radical minds with his childish ways. And if violence
erupts in Nov. the Administration will have to accept
full responsibility.
We hope the Nov.3 speech will be responsive to md t
the War.

IAI TE He
Not long ago young people were told to be active in
politics to stop being apathetic. Now that we are in-
volved we are constintly being put down.
the Rascals + the First Edition 2 shows at 5 + 8:00pm
Bushnell Memorial Hartford 06191 Nov. 30
Rolling Stones Nov.27 + 28 8:00 Madison Sq. Gardens
Pennsylvania Plaza 7th Ave. New Yor, N.Y.
Puff Nov. 28 War Memorial Holyoke
Led Zepplin Jan 24-25 Boston Tea Party
good flicks- Medium Cool and Basy Rider....L.P'S that
are goooood listening...Joe Cocker With a Little Help
From ny Friende and the Beatles Abby Road and their
soon to be released Get Back plus Led Zepplin's
second album
