the govt. could even make money by taxing
it if it is eventually legelized ana if the
country is actually ready for such a thing
which I don't believe it is or ever could be
in the near future,
——— ee
| ‘i
An address by Yale Pres. Kingman Brewster
Obviously I can speak only for Se
myself} personally — Not for Yale (Lres.:Kingman Brewster of Yale
as an institution, nor for Yale asa on Vietnam Moratorium Day delivered
community. a speech in New Haven that lasted
aly barely. five sminutes, Anthony Lewis
This, is a day for reflection, not o¢ the New York Times has called i r
Sapa cape peel “almost Gettysburg-like” in its. sine
| guish for the living, plicity. This ts the complete text.)
It is tempting to seek relief in
blame and recrimination easy to abandon the anonymous
It is hard to lower our voices masses of South Vietnamese who
when the President says he will ave relied upon us. .
not listen, It is hard to keep the Let u say simply that their in-
faith when the repeated promises terest as well as ours can no long-
of victory and the promises of ne- er be served by the perpetuation
gotiate peace have. not been ful- of terror and death,
ales Let us admit’ that the retreat
But let us not make tne equal of our power in face of a persistent
mistake of saying that defeat is enemy might invite other aggres-
easy to take. If our country is to sors to doubt and, doubting, to:test
survive this wound, let us be more our will to help keep the peace in
honest in the pursuit of peace than Europe, in the Middle East, in Asia.
we have been in the pursuit of this ‘ i
war. As we make our choice for ,,_Let us say simply that our abil-
withdrawal from Vietnam, let us _t¥_ to Keep the peace also requires
" id that America once again become a
Speak: in terms ‘of cendid confes. at America cnce again becor fly
sion rather than in terms'of blame.  S/mbol_ of secency and hope, fully
Let us admit that it is mot easy mankind.
to stop short of victory in a cause .
for which so many have fallen in These are not dasy:ehoicts.. We
the line of duty. were fooled by the false promise
that this would be an easy war.
Let us say simply that we can- Let us not fool our fellow country-
not tolerate the abuse of their men into the belief that this will
memory as a justification for con- be an easy peace
tinuation of the killing and the ji
dying at the behest of a corrupt We meet here'not so much in
Saigon government which rejects Protest as in dedication, rededica-
tot decency cad pesos tion to the end of destruction
: abroad and to the end of decay at
Let us admit that it is not home

Each time a man stands for an ideal,
or acts to improve the lot of others, or
strikes out against injustice, he sends
forth a tiny ripple of hope.

And crossing each other from a mil-
lion different centers of energy and dar-
ing, these ripples build a current that
can sweep down the mightiest walls of op~
pression and resistance, Few are willing
to brave the disapproval of their fellows,
the censure of their colleagues, the wrath
of their socicty, Moral courage is a
rarer commodity than bravery in battle
or great intelligence. Yet it 1s the one
essential vital quality for those who
seck to change a world that yields most
painfully to change,

——Robert F. Kennedy
We don't want money, we want inne? happiness,*
Life styles don't get
put on from the outside 11k
Clothes. They come from the inside outc# °
++-Society asks more and more of
us. It analyzes us
and explains us while it can't even explain itself.*
*quots from PACE mag.
5)
