_ ~~

The world is comming to an end! The Holy-
oke School Committee has recommended that the
dress code, in our schools, should be changed
And like any and all good followers of “chang-
ing times" Holyoke High has to be welcomed to
modern America. We hope that the students will
dress like they feel and will not be intemi-
dated by threats,to parapharse, "I have the
power to recommend whom ever I feel dresses to
my standard",

But getting to dress the way you want does
not end the oppressed conditions of the student.

It doesn't solve any of the problems which the
student will come against once he leaves the
pullding in which he is confined to learn in.
Dressing to one's desires is only a small step
in freeing yourself from the institutions which |
turns you off from being yourself --- huran. We
aeeeeeeOre problem that will be faced by 411 ou
entering students at HCC is the question, Will ©
activities be held during prime school heurs he
(8:00 am-3:30 pm). The president feels that he %
is there to educate(by old rules and methods),
the parenthesis 1s ours, and that the only place =
where one can learn is in the classroom.
—-———« Education can take place anywhere . If
you stop learning for a minute of your
corftious time You might as well be
dead, ———

The problem of being human-yourself, not '
putting any airs, being able to talk to all
people- is faced everywhere, at Westfield State
Chicopee Conp., So.Hadley High, Holyoke Commun- |
ity College, Frontier High, Holyoke High and
every city, town in these United States.

Mr. Nixor claimes that the so called "silent '
majority" 1s on his side in the matter of the WAR. |
What he fails to mention is that a large munber of |
that majority backs the almes of the Moratorium.
They are not active, hecause,like many who feel the |
president 1s doing right, do not have the time to
march and show their disagreement and discontent.
The president is trying to pit the “peace now"
people with the "presidential supporters". Violence
and acchations nay follow(a vew MaCarthy Era epee),

American medals awarded

as incentives to S. Viets.
(News Item) ‘

-—
—— ;

All are wearing what they want to wear. :

The views expressed in this paper are

not necessilary the views of the staff :

as a whole, but the views of the indi- .

vidual. PACE is the official voice of this

paper.
pee
Who is the school? Is the school ...the walls?
the tables? chairs? paper etc.? Is the school
the Administration? NG! The school is the
students who go there. But we arn't taught
anything which can be called useful. Most of
the subjects taught now will never wean any-
thing to us, they will never do us any good
and won't be remembered after the year or
semister we're taught them.
One reason for being spoonfed our form of "ed-
ucation" is that most subjects are requirements.
We may not hold a liking for a particular course
but we must have our heads stuffed with irrevent-
cies merely because they are required. Truly
our educational system 1s sick! and it does need
a complete overhall.
