Washington...
disabled one of the officers. The other officer
returned the jesture with a night-stick across the
head. But as a Mobe Legal officer told me his rights
were not violated.

Here I would like to talk about the general mood
of the Washington March. The feeling of the trans-
formation of the general pop.of Washington was one
@ person can never forget. The first day we arrived
the people were the same big,city,government riddled
computers you find everywhere. Thursday the March
on Death started. In the march a single line of
people walkeé from Arlington Cemetery, across the
river to the Lincon Memmorial, down to the White
House, and then to the Capital. Here Twelve coffins
were waiting for the name which each perscn wore
around his or her neck. The first day was cold and
windy the temp. never broke 50. The people of Wash-
ington expected the march to die of cold, But it
went on and on and on, 30 hours later the march was
stoped not because of lack of support but the Mass
march was to get under way in less thah two hours.
After the initial shock of the spirit of the marchers
Washington started a climb that by Saturday had in
fected most of the people who observed it, The cops
marched, as did the persons in the Depts. of all
Gov. agencies. I do have to say the Washington
Police turned out to be some of the nicest guys on
the march. They tried to help in everyway possible.
Not only did they stand and rap with the kids but
they directed you to hot coffee or a cheap place
to eat. Afew of them tried to find sleeping space
for the kids,

All over the change was in the air. One instan-
ce which happned to me is I stopped a man to find
a store to buy food cheap. This guy walked seven
blocks out of his way to show me the store. In
Washington by Friday the mood of the average man
had change to one of cooperation. With the change
the marchers changed.

I had the experience to be on a Washington st
eet corner at three in the morning. 4g a Mobe mar-
shall the job assigned was to regulate pedestrian
traffic at Constution and Fourth Streets. My shift
was from eleven to five, and at eight three hours
later to be on Pennsylvania as a Mass March Marshall.
At three in the morning I could have found better
places to be than on that corner or so I thought.
The temperature was right around freezing, and the
wind didn't add to the night. But the people march-
ing were happy, full of spirit and had a definite
goal. No amount of persistant debate could stop the
smiles. One of the Marshalls got so up-tight that
he stopped the March to try to get the people to
stop smiling, After all wasn't this a march against
death? Well the debate went on for a couple of minute
when a man about forty, stepped up and answered the
question bysaying" Ther is so much that's bad in
the world that when people are doing good and they
know it they'll smile so let them." The debate ended.

The Mass March was the end of a beautiful exper-
ence; Or so I though again. The march consisted of
250,000 people who marched up Pemnsylvania Ave.
and a crowd of no one will ever know in Washington
Square. The est. of the crowd rainged from 13 Mill.
to 250,000. The D.C. police told us that after 250,
000 they had no way to estamate. But even They said
there were over HALF A MILLION PEOPLE. And they also
said for the sige of the crowd the amount of trouble
was minute.

After the Mass March I was assigned to the Mo be
Civil Disorder Units.WE were assigned to the Labor
Dept where the S.D.S. were to have a rally in support
of the G.E. Strike. The demonstration was not sanc-
tioned by Mobe or theD.C. police. So When the S.D.
S. showed so did the police. But Mobe called off
the troops and figured to save heads by doing it.

As it turned out the S.D.S. out stayed the time

they had projected and because their demonstration
carried into the street which at five was to be used
by the YIPPIES for a parade and that they were throw-
img, things at the building the riot squad forced
