CONTRIBUTIONS |..::2222,.
1717 Massachusetts Ave. NW
Weshington, D.C. 20036
(202) 265 2204
We want this paper to be bigger
and better and your articules
will add to our pages opinions
' of interest to our readers.
We also need you to buy our
serap of opinions set down on
this sheet. :
We just make enough money to have a four page edition
out. With you supporting us by buying each issue we
can stay in business. We have some plans in our
heads on ways to enlarge, but the best way is for you
our readers to get active and into the psper.
send_all articules (comments) to:
je ——send al_articuies (comments) to:
- : Carlos Vera
‘Ithink the young people of the world 72 High Ste
should be required to see Holyoke, ha.
Medium COO!” scree: nouns uszsene
Seenes from Northampton:
We must compromise! Violence and bloodshed must not
be made part of today's youth scene. We ‘now you
> dontt dig the hippie-peace-drug scene but you don't
have to crash our acid-rock concerts and dances, Is
that what you really dig? You come to peace oriented
happenings with your super-hot cars, stumble out
with beer on your breath and proceed to start has-
3, Sles. You run around calling us freaks and hippies
of Sand start a lot of trouble. The cops really get up-
tight when this happens, Then guess what--the cops
he Bet hesitant about allowing future get-togethers
9 because they don't want anymore hassles.
* I'm refering to the recent concert at the People's
noeinstitute in Northampton, The last courle of times
??)that the BOLD or FAT played here the greasers began
““"a number of hassles! What a dragitif!!irrtrititnett
If you must start trouble please go someplace else
and leave our peaceful gatherings alne! We don't
ask for the trouble you bring in your drunken state.
Can't you realize that any trouble makers are not
wanted here??? If you don't want to listen to the
band then leave ,please don't hang around and start
trouble. In Northampton there really isn't much to
do so we look forward to Saturday night hoping a
band will be playing at the People's Institude. So
please, all you greasers out there, don't ruin our
chances of having a place to go on Saturday nights.
— --A CONCERNED FREAK-CATHY
ep tt —_ ~
at ee ES
ere || KEEP OFF Wass =
wf THE Seek
; 4 1 meet
OR |
is . Seite. ae SS
To -
* BOYCOTT GRAPES
2d
The imp6stant thing is to express vourself. Depending on your talents .
