the demonstrators away from the building by using
their night-sticks as a barrier, not as a weapon.
Not one head was touched nor was any teargas used.
The parade went through as planned, it was going
to the Justice Dept. what happned there you my
think you know. The YIPPIES had it planned that
the police bebaited into using force against the
demonstrators, This caught the spectators in the
commotion and they were gased. I stayed behind
as crowd controh,I then went to Constitution and
Fifteenth Streets, Mean while the demonstration
at Justice was a war, the radicals running for
the Washington Monument, breaking windows as they
went. Up till now the radicals carried red flags,
at the monument they disassembled the flags and
burned the poles, Now the regular non-violent «
demonstrators were there in a large number for
the rally. After the rally had ended at five some
hung around, This 1s where the radicals chose to
hide, The police knew that the radicals were in
the square and planning more trouble, thay also .
knew if they gased the area the radicals would
run for the city while the Mobe people would run
s for the busses in the opposite direction. So that's
what they did. They formed a perfect block so that
not one demonstrator would escape. The radicals
as true of animals in a trap congregated. The
police then seperated the nonviolent from the
violent. But then trouble developed, the police
communications broke and the overload to the
Mobe central caused a chaotic state. The police
on the square were riot police while the other
officers were regular police assigned to riot
work, The square unite had a diffrent radio
frequency than the other so no communication
was possible. The only person who could help
was an inspector who no one could find. Five
of the radical sect broke in the direction of
the White House, the wind was blowing away
from that structure so the police gased in
front of the break aways. But again the mistake
was made in thit the gas floated into the black
set up by the two unites of police. The demon-
strators sat through the teargas for thirty minutes
or more. The only ones who got violent were the
ones who started the whole thing.
. I left the section to find buildings blocks
away with windows broken. I was so down I felt
like giving up. But now after I am away from the
actual action and I have talked with men back in
Washington I see the Movement was a success! The
damage in comparison to the number of people was
minute, as was the number hurt or arrested. WE
CAME IN PEACE AND CONDUCTED OUR*SELVES IN THAT
FASHION. When asked if we accompleshed anything
I repeat the words of Dick Gregory in Washington
e "The President says nothing you kids do will have
any effect on him, Well may I suggest he make a
long distance call to the L.B.J. Ranch."
A. Rosyostov
+ To R.M.Nixon if your not affraid of the demon-
/ strators why did you run all over the Capital
looking for support just before we got there?
PE ATE a Na 2 RLS
WTC: square love,truth,intelligence Your letter i
* will be in the next issue. pagum ay
ies Bree
Be 1a Opa | RE EAN Stak Payee?
Persson Sy ESR Sesh
Oe 0S aes 8S NW Ns gt AL Bd co ay
: Dr.kendell Warsh bas beer picked as temporary yh
, a®@ president.of thé Western Free University 4 Ry
Do BEN Gy NS ASIN CRE 1 A SRM TABS
SR weg EEG IES wg 5 alee Se EUS
SE Besa BAG G2, Si | aces
iz CNOELE NC Se PARTLY  BEACSEEN ov,
PS OS SO Sos ok Bay SEI so Sie
wpa Pe EY ars, plein VaR Ne ean
Uae 9 he COE SO ge.
pe ee Ee we? ORME. Sia BialS
acts ZB ee: wine nes Re ee. POsOh- ay etek
