Congress passed the anti-riot law as a warn—
ing to the game of football. Fans who crossed
state lines,and then tear down the roalposts,
are subject to arrest.

The crime 1s not in the act,but'* yourintent
at the moment of crossing state lines. It is
against the law to think pad thoughts while
crossing a state line.

You can break this law without violence or
demage to property.

A riot is defined as a "threat of violence
or a danger of damage to property."

The yippies in Lincoln Park were a riot. So
4s a baseball game. A Beatles concert is a
hell of a riot.

here does one draw the line between "free
speech" and “inciting to riot"? It's fairly
simple.

If your speech is ineffective,it is protected
by the constitution.

If your speech is effective, you are “incit-
ing to riot."

Effective speech-speech which moves people-
is against the law.

The FBI is forced te tap our phones,sort
through our garbage,and read our mail in search
of violations before they happen.

* -Jerry Rubin from his
soon to be released
book, DOIT!

ceTTeRs |ETTETETN
Editors of BHEAKTHRU:

I have been receiving your newspaper thr-
ough a friend here at Frontier Regional High
School. I find you paper very interesting.

I'm pleased that you are making this paper
available to other students and teenacers.

I have just finished reading Breakthru
no 3 Oct. 1969. The front page which was concer-
hed with "marihuand", was “intense” and very
zood. I agree that people nov on to new things,
like acid, when srass is not available.

In issue no. 3 I also noticed on page 2
it stated-"Frontier High School-Would you like
to have your dress code changed? Abolished?’

I don't know who told you, but our school has
this real strict dress code! Cur school is
really “behind the times" and can't realize
that a strict dress code is unrealistic in this
day and age.

I heard that you are short on help and
that's why vovr paper isn't as large as you
would like it to bel! I would be more than
happy to help publish Breakthru if only I
had a ride to Holyoke! Tell me if there is
anything 1 can do to help (I'® a good typist).

I,amoung many, feel that the continuation
and enlargement of Breakthru would be beneficial.

Thank you and good luck: with your next
issue.

Miss C, Amo
. 1
if’ Not Sooneg!
In the 50's Edsels
and Nixon were out
In the 60's Hasels 7
and Nixon ‘are collectors items
It isn't really hard to tell the boys from the girls
true revolution is something that has never
taken place in the whole history of mankind
-Joan Baez Harris 4
