Black Panther 10 Point Program
First: We want freedom, we want power to deter-
mine the destiny of our black community.
Second: We want full employment for our people.
Third: We want housing fit for shelter of human
beings.
Fourth: We want all black men to be exempt from
military service.
Fifth: We want decent education for our black
people in our communities that teaches us the
true nature of this decadent, racist society
and that teaches black people and our young
black brothers and sisters their place in the
society, for if they don't know their place
in society and in tne world, they can't relate
to anything else.
Sixth: We want an end to the robbery by the
white racist businessmen of plack people in
their community.
Seventh: We want an immediate end to police
brutality and murder of plack people.
Eighth: We want all black wen held in city,coun-
ty, state, and federal jails to be released be-
cause they have not had a fair trial because
they've been tried by all whit: juries, and
that's like being tried in Nazi Germany, being
a Jew.
Ninth: We want black people when brought to
trial to be tried by members of their peer
group, and a peer being one who comes from the
same economic, social, religious, historical,
and racial background.
Tenth: We want land, we want bread, we want
housing, we want clothing, we want education,
we want justice, and we want peacel
The Movement
EQUIPMENT
Mimeograph Machines The most essential piece
of equivment, it produces manifestos, announce-
ments, leaflets, and press releases. At one
tense moment at Columbia, two of the three
machines (all confiscated from the University)
proke down and almost stoped the revolt. One
Barnard irl who saved each document says they
fill an entire closet.
Bullhorns For controlling crowds. Leaders used
to borrow them from cops, but that's considered
pad form. They can be bought or rented very
cheaply.
Sound System Powerful enough to cut through
crowed noises. At Chicago, the cops captured
two such speakers and reduced the protesters’
collective self-control.
Stink Bomb Instant nausea. Freely employed in
the waning days of Chicago, they are not borbs
at all but vials of butyric acid. Available in
all chemical supply houses, they emit an over=
powering stench lie concentrted vomit.
