Ia the estimation of this writer, warfere, in. general, is a blight »
upon mankind, It is usually unnecessary, eostly, and (most important),

. immoral, as it results in tremendous loss of human life. If funds used

in developing arms stockpiles were channeled into humanitarian pursuits,
such as medical research, ¢11 people would be endoved with a finer 3
existence. To eliminatevars, it would be necescary for all nations

to employ restraint and curb aggressive and violent behavior on the part
of the incividual citizen and the collective population alike.

Tn the United States there hes been extensive debete over the
relationship between the availability of weapons, particularly guns,
and the outbursts of violent behavior. For our country to alter its
image as a was-oriented society, we must eliminate the toleration of
viole ce which preseatlyexists. £ recent article appearing ia Psych-
ology Today lends further evidence to the theory that guns ere basically
harmful to the society, Research conducted at the University of Wis-
consin, under Leonard Berkovitz, has shown that the very sight of a gun
can stimulateaggressive behavior, and that if a persom witnesses vio-~
lence his chances of becoming aggressive are increased. University
of Indiana studies have indicated that a child's restraint asainst
aggression was lowered by playing with guns. In addition, agcressive
reactions which would not usually have surfeced were brov-ht out by
vlaying wit guns, despite the fact that the children were not angry

In conclusion, tie elimination of war is contingent upon
the reduction of violent behavior in all cvltures. Thus, the U.S.
aust, in the hope of world peace, stop its preoceupetion with weapons
2nd violent entertainment.

In the words of Berkowitz, "The finger pulls the trigser, but
tne trigger may also be pullin; the finger.

Apple
"The New Left is composed of radicals, anarchists,

. pacifists, crusaders, socialists, Communists, idealists,
and malconte ts, This uovemeat, best typified by SDS,

; has an almost passionate desire to destroy the traditional
values of our democratic society and the existing social
order.

--J. Edgar Hoover
