Concerning the cover of issue #3

	"In bad taste," ‘sacrilegious," "poor." We were knocked and looked upon with contempt. We made our readers furious and they condemned us. Some closed their minds after glancing at the cover, never bothering to read the next page, But you, the reader, fell into our trap. We made you think about the most "secret" and "personal" topic, religion. We made you react.

	From the replies that we received, we felt that most people missed our point entirely, We wanted to show how many Christians have become hypocrites. We have been condemned, laughed at, and hated for our ideals. So was Jesus Christ. We have been forced to cut our hair and to wear regulated clothes, so we can become a product of plasticity; another pawn to be regulated, pushed and shoved; ordered to follow without question. NO! We will struggle and rebel, and be FREE.


					AID TO ISRAEL?

	With all the talk about our young Americans being wounded or killed in Vietnam, and all our government aid being directed toward the young fighting men there, no one, including the government
officials stops to think about the needless wounding and killing of countless Israelis. You hear about it every day. For instance, on March 6, a bomb was exploded in the crowded cafeteria of the Hebrew Institute in Jerusalem, wounding 25 students. We hear big, powerful stories like that, but what of the stories we do not hear? We never hear of the beatings and the humiliation the Israelis must bear in their own country. When one hears a report about the Israeli-Arab conflict, a few "isn't that awful"s or "How terrible"s will be heard, but who is actually DOING anything about it? Surely not the United States. Why aren't arms being sent to Israel to help her remain a nation? What is the President doing about the
destruction of this tiny nation? The United States pledged their aid to Israel and is now backing down- Why? If the President has a good explanation, we are waiting to hear it. Israel is outnumbered but with just a little help she can, must, and will conquer the Arab nations. It has been done before and will be done again.

												- Drafus
