THE DRAFT:part IV

a The Draft was instituted to fill the military need of our country
to protect our way of life. However,the psychological effects of
Selective Service are so injurcus that we are distroying fron within
the society we are trying to protect.

The individual is harmed psychologically for two reasons: the
draft ucuris the right of the individual to make his own choice of
occu.ation, instead, in many cases it forces the draftee into an oc-
cupation for which he is not suited; secondly, the draft not only
interferes with positive personality traits, it actually attemnts to
foster the develonement of authoritarian personality traits.

Studies show that there is a certain tyre of versonality who
is most confortable in military life. T.W, Adorno, author of The
Authoritarian Fersonality,discribes him as one who “combines the
traits of conventionalisn and conformity with a submissive, uncritical
deference to sureriors, a tendency to overassertion toward underlines,
and = punitive, rejecting attitude towards those ‘tho violate convention-
al values.,-his thinking is suverstitious, stereotyned and rigid; he
exarterates assertion of strength and toushness; he has a generalized
hostility and a relative lack of personal regard for cthers* These
traits are needed to make the soldier a proficient fichter.

Nan has a natural aversion of killinz men. The army overcomes
this aversion leaving a serious problem for society.

In February 1947, a young American soldier returned fron Vietnam
was tried and acquitted after shooting tc death his wife and another
man in a rage. He had told police, “It was just like Vietnam--every-
thins went red.“

Accordinys to S.1L.A. #iarshall, a military historian, it is reason-
able to believe that ‘if resistance to the idea of firinz can be over-
come for a .eriod, it can be defeeted rernanently. Once the plunge
is made, the water seems less forbiddine.* This may be the reason
for the growing tendency towards violence in America,

. It has been surgzested that the combat trained soidiers be siven
trainine to de-emphasize violence before being returned to civilian
: life.
by Carolyn Hester
& ‘
Bill voglin
