Concerning the cover of issue 3/3

"In bad taste," ‘sacreligious," poor We were knocked and looked
upon with contempt, We made our readers furious and they condenmed us,
Some closed their minds after glancing at the cover, never bothering
to read the next page, But you, the reader, fell into our trap, We
made you think about the most "secret" and "personal" topic, religion.
We made you react.

From the replys that we received, we felt that most people missed
our point entirely, We wanted to show how many Christians have become
hyperocrits, ‘le have been condenmed, laughed at, and hated for our i-
deais, So was Jesus Christ. le have been forced to cut our hair and
to wear regulated clothes, so we can become a product of plasticity;
another pawn to be regulated, pushed and shoved; ordered to follow
without question. MO! ie will struggle and rebel, and be FREE,

AID To ISRAEL?

-ith all the talk about our youn, Americans being woundec or
killec in Vietvem,and all our soverynernt eid being directed towerd
the young fighting nen there, no o2e, ircludine the covernment - .
officicls stops to tvink ebout the -eedless woundi aad eilling of
covitie:s Tsraelic, Yor heer about it every day. For instaace,
on March 5, a bomb was exploved is the crovded cefetcria of the
Hebre.. Institute in Teruselea,woundir 25 students. e heer bi,
powerful storics like that, but vhat of the stories we ¢@o not heer?
We never hear of the beetints acd the humiliation the Isreelis
must bear in their owa country. When ove hears a report ebout the
Isreeli-Are’) conflict, a few ‘isn't tuat awfultis or 4 low terribleiis
will be heerd, but who is actually DOING anytuing about it? Surely
not the United Stetes, “hy aren't arus being sent to Israel to
help her re.ain é nation? ‘hat is the President doir? about the
destruction ofthis ti y nation? Thel:ited States vled-ed their aid t
to Israel and is now backing down- \hy? If the President has e good
expleaatioa, weave waiting to hear it, Israel isoutnunbered but
with just a little help che can, must. and will cox,uer the Areb
natio s, It as been done before and will be done asain..

Drafus
