Effect of Dress In School

On Friday, Feb, 21; I went to a couple a classes at UMass--
Comparative Literature 201 an 202. I really felt funny cuz I was like
dressed in bell-bottom jeans, boots, an a grubby workshirt over a
turtleneck, I was also chewin gum.

The students there looked even better, though, cuz most of the
guys had hair, beards, or mustaches, Some girls wore jeans an boots.
The thing that really hit me, though, was that you could smoke in the
lecture hall durin class, Even though you know you can, experiencin
it is something different.

Then the instructor, J.W¥-Deaver,waikedin. ie was wearin an open
collared shirt an jeansi Cf course we all realized that under these
chaotic conditions we wouldn't be able t léarm a thing so we all left.

Noo really, thet was the way the lecture hapnened (excludin the
part about us splittin--that was sarcasm, folks). Here, they (the
administration) think that if we ever came t class like that we'd
spend all our time starin at each other, C&mon now! Nobody up there
paid any attention t other people’s appearance, sowhy should tre when
the stupid dress code is abolished?

Ox. now, they say it’s a distraction, T who? not t the students
cuz they*re the ones who w anna look that way, T the teachers?

All I can say is that if a student‘s anpearance cen hinder a teacher's
ability t teach, he/she can’t be much of a teacher.

C*mon now, neople: Ya keep tellin us t grow up. Why don't you?
ERE GRHAKEN LEN EERE EE EGER ENG RE BKK HK ESERI DAV 2, EOLV ADs swesesesarses ss sess
On Law and Order by John V,. Lindsay
oe eShall we forget what history has always taught us: that those who
suppress freedom always do so in the name of “law and order®™ ?eco

We must never forget how this great country came all this way~hew
hard we have fought td achieve equla justice under te iaw, how iong we
have had to struggle to develope an order which protects individual
rights and permits dissent, And we must never forget that we-must go
on from here, that there is mush work to be dones

For if we forget, we will have security, and we will have order.
What will be missing is liberty. What will be missing is the quality
which sets the life of the free man so far above the life of the slaves

BUY THIS PAPER FOR CIVIL DEFENSE
