PLACK POWER YES, VIOL@:'cE No

What is Black Power? Is it orgiastic burning, looting, killing?
Is it the Eldridge Cleaver formula of: ‘iLook out, Whitey! Vetre gonna
git your mommai'' Is it posting gunmen in stratesic places and then set~
ting fires, where they caa kill most white firenan and policemen? I
hope not.

Black power is generally defined as black economic and political
power, Without this power, the blackuan is helpless, How is the black
man to achieve this power? There are two approaches: democratic and
viclent.

The democratic approach to political power is exemplified. by .
Senator Brooke and Congressmen Povell,, Chisholm, Barrett, Nix, Dawson,
Conyers, Clay, and Hawkins run for office. The violent avproach is ad-
vocatcd by Messrs, Provan, Carmichael, and Cleaver: riot and revolu-
tion.

The democratic weans of achieving economic security is practiced
by James Farner, former head of CORE, promotins black ownership of
business, Whitney Young's Urban Leasue obtains employmezt ia good jobs
for Blacks. The hleck Senators and Representatives are worl:ing to pass
welfare aids until black mea can orn businesses and hold good jobs.

The violent approach, edvocated by Ranp Brown, is to steal the
white businessuan's cash register and his walet. ‘Whitey owes you all
he's got, he took it from you a long time ago, so take it back from
the Jewish pigs,‘icays Le Roi Jones in the Evergreen Review. Similarly
Stokely Carmichael says, ‘It's not stealing to take what you want from
Whitey. Everything Whitey has is yours, You have a right to take it
back from those li+F-S,

So there are tro ways to achieve Black Power. “hich vill it be?
The resvonsible acquisition of control of business and political
position, the vay of James Farmer, Floyd iicKissich, end Dick Gregory?
Or wi}l the black man , in the words of Carl Rowan, "by following the
loudest demagogue...deserve the tirm 'boy! he has come to despise,"

Ken Howes
“It*s not Democracy we brought to Viet-Nam ——it's anticommunism.*
Special Forces Hero, Donnald Duncan
The DRAFT kills on contactev.csccoe
(Buy America)
