			BLACK POWER YES, VIOLENCE NO

	What is Black Power? Is it orgiastic burning, looting, killing? Is it the Eldridge Cleaver formula of: "Look out, Whitey! We're gonna git your momma!" Is it posting gunmen in strategic places and then setting fires, where they can kill most white firemen and policemen? I hope not.

	Black power is generally defined as black economic and political power. Without this power, the black man is helpless. How is the black man to achieve this power? There are two approaches: democratic and violent.

	The democratic approach to political power is exemplified by Senator Brooke and Congressmen Powell, Chisholm, Barrett, Nix, Dawson, Conyers, Clay, and Hawkins run for office. The violent approach is advocated by Messrs. Brown, Carmichael, and Cleaver: riot and revolution.

	The democratic weans of achieving economic security is practiced by James Farmer, former head of CORE, promoting black ownership of business, Whitney Young's Urban League obtains employment in good jobs for Blacks. The black Senators and Representatives are working to pass welfare aids until black men can own businesses and hold good jobs.

	The violent approach, advocated by Rapp Brown, is to steal the white businessman's cash register and his wallet. “Whitey owes you all he's got, he took it from you a long time ago, so take it back from the Jewish pigs,” says Le Roi Jones in the Evergreen Review. Similarly Stokely Carmichael says, “It's not stealing to take what you want from Whitey. Everything Whitey has is yours, You have a right to take it back from those M-F-S.”

	So there are two ways to achieve Black Power. Which will it be? The responsible acquisition of control of business and political position, the way of James Farmer, Floyd McKissich, and Dick Gregory? Or will the black man, in the words of Carl Rowan, "by following the loudest demagogue...deserve the term 'boy’ he has come to despise?

								- Ken Howes


“It’s not Democracy we brought to Viet-Nam – it's anticommunism.”
				- Special Forces Hero, Donnald Duncan


The DRAFT kills on contact………
		(Buy America)


