THE DRAFT: part IV

	The Draft was instituted to fill the military need of our country to protect our way of life. However, the psychological effects of Selective Service are so injurious that we are destroying from within the society we are trying to protect.

	The individual is harmed psychologically for two reasons: the draft usurps the right of the individual to make his own choice of occupation, instead, in many cases it forces the draftee into an occupation for which he is not suited; secondly, the draft not only interferes with positive personality traits, it actually attempts to foster the development of authoritarian personality traits.

	Studies show that there is a certain type of personality who is most comfortable in military life. T.W, Adorno, author of The Authoritarian Personality, describes him as one who “combines the traits of conventionalism and conformity with a submissive, uncritical deference to superiors, a tendency to over assertion toward underlings, and a punitive, rejecting attitude towards those ‘who violate conventional values… his thinking is superstitious, stereotyped and rigid; he exaggerates assertion of strength and toughness; he has a generalized hostility and a relative lack of personal regard for others.” These traits are needed to make the soldier a proficient fighter.

	Man has a natural aversion of killing men. The army overcomes this aversion leaving a serious problem for society.
	
	In February 1947, a young American soldier returned from Vietnam was tried and acquitted after shooting to death his wife and another man in a rage. He had told police, “It was just like Vietnam--everything went red.“

	According to S.I.A Marshall, a military historian, it is reasonable to believe that “if resistance to the idea of firing can be overcome for a period, it can be defeated permanently. Once the plunge is made, the water seems less forbidden.” This may be the reason for the growing tendency towards violence in America.

	It has been suggested that the combat trained soldiers be given training to de-emphasize violence before being returned to civilian life.

							- by Carolyn Hester & Bill Goglin


