	In the estimation of this writer, warfare, in general, is a blight upon mankind. It is usually unnecessary, costly, and (most important), immoral, as it results in tremendous loss of human life. If funds used in developing arms stockpiles were channeled into humanitarian pursuits,
such as medical research, all people would be endowed with a finer existence. To eliminate wars, it would be necessary for all nations to employ restraint and curb aggressive and violent behavior on the part of the individual citizen and the collective population alike.

	In the United States there has been extensive debate over the
relationship between the availability of weapons, particularly guns, and the outbursts of violent behavior. For our country to alter its image as a war-oriented society, we must eliminate the toleration of violence which presently exists. A recent article appearing in Psychology Today lends further evidence to the theory that guns are basically harmful to the society. Research conducted at the University of Wisconsin, under Leonard Berkowitz, has shown that the very sight of a gun can stimulate aggressive behavior, and that if a person witnesses violence his chances of becoming aggressive are increased. University of Indiana studies have indicated that a child's restraint against aggression was lowered by playing with guns. In addition, aggressive reactions which would not usually have surfaced were brought out by playing with guns, despite the fact that the children were not angry.

	In conclusion, the elimination of war is contingent upon the reduction of violent behavior in all cultures. Thus, the U.S. must, in the hope of world peace, stop its preoccupation with weapons and violent entertainment.

	In the words of Berkowitz, "The finger pulls the trigger, but the trigger may also be pulling the finger.”

										- Apple


	"The New Left is composed of radicals, anarchists, pacifists, crusaders, socialists, Communists, idealists, and malcontents, This movement, best typified by SDS, has an almost passionate desire to destroy the traditional values of our democratic society and the existing social order.”
		
										- J. Edgar Hoover


