"Punishment ie accomplished ty delasement and dehuman-
ization, and no sunghe dmetituv.or. is as accomplisned
in the art of dehumeaiszatinn as vhe mijitary,.
(information from Murkroacrs Guide)
Rough beasts, war is not healthy for children ard other living things
Let's be born again, Let's go out of our minds to get back in, We have
all died, haven't we?

Guess who died, the begining of tomorrow, Guerilla warfare has be~
gun, The streets belong to the people. We will become warricrs and see
if our city is still here, Let's tume in to find owt what went wrong
today.

So much for the problem. What's the solution? Power, violence,
noise, numbers, animalism, vulgarity, and pure maduess.

Kim Fowley

CENSORSHIP?

: Should we remain with a system that ellows the censor to have con~
trol over the people? Why should one small group ef people force their
puritanical, out-moded ideas on a generation of new thinkers?

As the Supreme Court has not been able to define pornogrophy, there
are no rules for the censors to follow.Censorship is therefore left
purely to the disgression of the individual censor, These censors are no
associated with us and therefore know nothing about what is relevant to
us. .

Literature is a form of expression, meant to be read, The individual
maral and religious upbringing shovld dictate his choice of reading and
viewing matter, To some people, the validity of a certain piece cf lit-
erature may be questionable, however, to another it may be very valid.
No one person has the right to force this moralirt on other individuals.

A system for movies that is used now is a good vay of allowing the
movie-goer to know what type of movie is being shown, This system employ
letters to show the type of movie: "sii ceneral audience, "r'! restricted

. to certain audiences, "m" suggested for mature audiences, etc, A similar
system should be applied to books, plays, and magazines,

. All censorship by a select group has to be eliminated, In Sweden,
where there is no censorship, the buying of objectionable literature is
very low. When this is done in America, there will be a great upsurge in
