		"Punishment is accomplished by debasement and dehuman-
		ization, and no single institution is as accomplished
		in the art of dehumanization as the military."
		
			(information from Muckrakers Guide)

	Rough beasts, war is not healthy for children and other living things.
Let's be born again. Let's go out of our minds to get back in. We have
all died, haven't we?

	Guess who died, the beginning of tomorrow. Guerilla warfare has be-
gun, The streets belong to the people. We will become warriors and see
if our city is still here. Let's tune in to find out what went wrong
today.

	So much for the problem. What's the solution? Power, violence,
noise, numbers, animalism, vulgarity, and pure madness.

					- Kim Fowley

	
				CENSORSHIP?

	Should we remain with a system that allows the censor to have con-
trol over the people? Why should one small group of people force their
puritanical, out-moded ideas on a generation of new thinkers?

	As the Supreme Court has not been able to define pornography, there
are no rules for the censors to follow. Censorship is therefore left
purely to the discretion of the individual censor, These censors are not
associated with us and therefore know nothing about what is relevant to
us.

	Literature is a form of expression, meant to be read. The individual
moral and religious upbringing should dictate his choice of reading and
viewing matter. To some people, the validity of a certain piece of lit-
erature may be questionable, however, to another it may be very valid.
No one person has the right to force this morality on other individuals.

	A system for movies that is used now is a good way of allowing the
movie-goer to know what type of movie is being shown, This system employs
letters to show the type of movie: "g" general audience, "r" restricted
to certain audiences, "m" suggested for mature audiences, etc. A similar
system should be applied to books, plays, and magazines.

	All censorship by a select group has to be eliminated, In Sweden,
where there is no censorship, the buying of objectionable literature is
very low. When this is done in America, there will be a great upsurge in
