			Supershow Part 2

	The audience really came alive for Sam and Dave, who turned out to
be sorta the stars a the show. Before Sam and Dave come out, their
band, the Sensational Soul Brothers, entertained us. They consisted
of 4 saxes, 4 trumpets, 2 trombones, 1 lead guitar, 1 bass, 1 organ,
and 2 drums. Each musician showed himself a virtuoso on his instrument
while doin instrumental versions of "Hey Jude", an “Mercy, Mercy,
Mercy."

	Sam and Dave came on stage to an enthusiastic standin ovation.
They were very striking in their lemon-lime suits (of which the
jackets, ties, an half the shirts came off before the end of the
set). The audience kept a constant hand clap during a medley a most
a their hits, Though I don't dig prearranged things, I had to be
impressed  by the band's showmanship. Throughout their fancy dance
steps they were in complete control of the music.

	Sam and Dave were met by applause as they went into one of their
biggest hits- "Hold On, I'm Coming". After this they did "Land of
1000 Dances" with the audience givin oral response to the moan-
wail part of the song.

	The audience exploded when they started their biggest hit~
"Soul Man" which sounded even better in person.

	Sayin that Sam and Dave have Soul is an understatement. Besides
havin it they also transmit it. You could see this just by observin
the audience. Even the straightest a people couldn't stay still while
listenin to them. They were movin in their seats, clappin their hands
and/or stampin their feet.

	Sam and Deve left to their second standin ovation which taey
heartily deserved.

				-Dave Potvin

	NEXT ISSUE--Part III reviews the James Cotton Blues Band and reports
the hassle over the time the audience has to leave.

	“Can history produce an instance of rebellion so honorably
	conducted? God forbid we should ever be twenty years
	without such a rebellion. Tue tree of liberty must be
	refreshed from time to time, with the blood of patriots
	and tyrants."

					Thomas Jefferson
