Pace }
To WRO. We're for Welfare but against abusers of
it. The thing is many of the people on it should-
n't be. And it's because of them that the people
who really need it,money, clothes, etc., don’t re-
ceive sufficeant amounts to live. An overhaul? of
the entire Welfare System, tederal and state, is
in order.
“The time has come to end this war." 5 years lates
Sen. Jon Stennis (D-Miss.) said “Ithimk there's
going to be trouvie with the opening of the schools
down there and I'm going to have to go down with
my people rather then be on hand for the debate."
Stennis 1s Chairman of the Armed Service Committee
which at that time was having a debate over a bill
for the military(they want our money to play with).
So if Stennis left his post Sen Stuart Symington
(D-Mo.) a leading military spending critic, would
have replaced Stennis as Chairman. So enters tricky
Dickie = he, for some half hearted reason he must
of extemporaniously conceived of - postponed the
deadline date of desegrating the Mississippi
schools. The date was Sept 1, now it's Dec.1, it
was Johnson who establised the former date, the
schools had plenty of time to make arrangements for
the desegration of their schools, will Dec.i ever
come.
I never cared for those Ronald Reagen flicks.
dig this: The Southern New England Indians headed
by John Hamilton, their chief, want their land
back. Virtually all of So. Connecticut, most of
Fishers Island, N.¥., and large land tracts in
Rhode Island and Massachusetts are included. Their
immediate goals are somei"1it confined. Law suits
are in progress. The time has come for the white-
man to pay for the land he stole.
I se where our old arch enemy George "PUSSYFOOTER"
Wallace is trying to make a comeback. Spouting
racial remarks he plans to pass through the thres-
hold of that WHITE House being the first president
to openly defay a FEDERAL order. When he was camp-
aigning last year his thing was lawnorder, he dis-
liked long hairs because they defayed the system,
the goverment and society, but it's all right for
him and his racist goons to do it. Typical adult.
Typical politician.
tricky Dickie Nixon want to combine his vote with
the Wallace vote, his dream being to establish a
Republican base in the South, now that the Demo-
crats there hav split from the Democratic Machine
we destroyed last year.
Mayor Taupier spouting lawnorder? Maybe he'll crack
down on long hairs?
