					    Pace

	To WRO. We're for Welfare but against abusers of it. The thing is many of the people on it shouldn't be. And it's because of them that the people who really need it, money, clothes, etc., don’t receive sufficient amounts to live. An overhaul of the entire Welfare System, federal and state, is in order.
	
	“The time has come to end this war." 5 years late. Sen. Jon Stennis (D-Miss.) said “I think there's going to be trouble with the opening of the schools down there and I'm going to have to go down with my people rather than be on hand for the debate." Stennis is Chairman of the Armed Service Committee which at that time was having a debate over a bill for the military (they want our money to play with). So if Stennis left his post Sen Stuart Symington (D-Mo.), a leading military spending critic, would have replaced Stennis as Chairman. So enters tricky Dickie – he, for some half hearted reason he must’ve extemporaneously conceived of – postponed the deadline date of desegregating the Mississippi schools. The date was Sept 1, now it's Dec.1, it was Johnson who established the former date, the schools had plenty of time to make arrangements for the desegregation of their schools, will Dec. 1 ever come.
	I never cared for those Ronald Reagan flicks.
	dig this: The Southern New England Indians headed by John Hamilton, their chief, want their land back. Virtually all of So. Connecticut, most of Fishers Island, N.Y., and large land tracts in
Rhode Island and Massachusetts are included. Their immediate goals are somewhat confined. Law suits are in progress. The time has come for the white man to pay for the land he stole.
	I see where our old arch enemy George "PUSSYFOOTER" Wallace is trying to make a comeback. Spouting racial remarks he plans to pass through the threshold of that WHITE House being the first president to openly defy a FEDERAL order. When he was campaigning last year his thing was law n order, he disliked long hairs because they defied the system, the government and society, but it's all right for him and his racist goons to do it. Typical adult. Typical politician.
	Tricky Dickie Nixon want to combine his vote with the Wallace vote, his dream being to establish a Republican base in the South, now that the Democrats there have split from the Democratic Machine we destroyed last year.
	Mayor Taupier spouting law n order? Maybe he'll crack down on long hairs?



