“It was designed as a flag, Buddy - not as a blindfold.”

					The Bellamy Award

	The Bellamy Award undoubtedly has to be one of the greatest farces to come along in H.H.S.
history. The initial idea of presenting the award to a school of high merit was fine and it is supposed that H.H.S. is as deserving as any school by the establishment's standards, Why, though, were other schools immediately disqualified and why did only 200 or so schools in the state participate when certainly there are more than 200 schools in Western Mass. alone? It has been rumored that their disqualification was based on their number of years in existence as an established school. The Chamber of Commerce has offered the use of several empty store windows to be filled with articles from H.H.S. All well and good but let*s be honest about that. It's obvious that those vacant store windows look pretty bad for Holyoke and with out of town visitors it does not leave a very favorable impression. The Chamber of Commerce has also initiated "Bellamy Days“ in Downtown Holyoke for a completely commercial purpose similar to that of Dollar Days. They've turned the whole thing into a spectacle and apparently forgotten the purpose of the award. And so the spectacle will come to a bedazzling climax at an assembly to be held at H.H.S with all the officials showing their plumage and you can be sure that if the school administration can manage it, all those students in the audience will be stripped of their plumage (hair and unacceptable dress) for the occasion. 

								- SJB


Israele Premier Golda Meir comes in peace, then wants weapons to kill.


wmas-fm needs your help...it's going off the air..show your support, send a postcard saying we need this station...WMAS 101 WEST ST., WEST SPRINGFIELD, MA.


HELP! WE ARE ASKING YOU ONCE AGAIN FOR YOU ! WRITERS, TYPISTS ETC. COME GIVE US YOURSELVES.

write to: JOHN BEATTIE
59 LAMB ST.
SO. HADLEY FALLS
Or call:5340093

THE PAPER WILL BE OUT EVERY OTHER WEEK GET ALL ARTICLES IN WRITE TO JOHN OR CARLOS GET THEM IN


	Hippies and flower children are literally fleeing for their lives from the Haight-Ashbury section of San Francisco where hardened drug addicts, hoodlums and other criminals have moved in. Once the mecca of the hippie movement, Haight-Ashbury has seen startling changes in the past year and the results have been telling. In one three-month period there were 13 murders and police estimate that overall crime has jumped more than 100 percent in the past six months. Most of the hippies and flower children have moved away to other stamping grounds, such as nearby Berkeley and the Big Sur.
(Chicago 1969 will probably turn out to be a full scale “war".)




