“Itwas designed as a flag, Buddy - not as‘a blindfold.”
. The Bellamy Award
. The Bellamy Award undoubtedly has to be one
of the greates farces to come along in H.H.S.
history. The initial idea of presenting the
award to a school of high merit was fine and it
is supposed that H.H.S. is as deserving as any
school by the establishment's standards, Why,
Ls though, were other schools immediately disquali-
1 fied and why did only 200 or so schools in the
state participate when certainly there are more
. than 200 schools in Western Mass. alone? It has
7 been rumored that that their disqualification was
; based on their number of years in existence as an
* established school. The Chamber of Commerce has 7
offered the use of several empty store windows
, to be filled with articles from H.H.S. All well
‘7 and good but let*s be honest about that. It's
obvious that those vacant stcre windows look
pretty bad for Holyoke and with out of town vi-
sitors it does not leave a very favorable im-
pression. The Chamber of Commerce has also ini-
tiated "Bellamy Days“ in Downtown Holyoke for a
a completely commercial purpose similar to that of
° Dollar Days. They've turned the whole thing into
‘a spectacle and apparently forgotten the pur=
pose of the award. And so the spectacle will
come to a bedazzling climax at an assembly to
be held at H.H.Se with all the officials show-
ing their plumage and you can be sure that if
the school administration can manage it, all
those students in the audience will be stripped
Fe of their plummage (hair and unacceptable dress)
for the occasion. SJB
, Israele Premier Golda Méir comes in peace,
then wants weapons to kill.
t wmas-fm neede your
“ help...it's going
- off the air..show
your support,,send
r a postcard saying
we need this sta-
tion...WMAS 101
WEST ST., WEST
h SPRINGFIELD, MA.
HELP!
ok WE ARE ASKING YOU CNCE AGAIN FOR YOU !
~ WRITERS, TYPISTS BIC. COME GIVE US YOUR
SELES.
write to:JOHN BEATTIE
59 LAMB ST.
SO. HADLEY FALLS
Or call:5340093
THE PAPER WILL BE OUT EVERY OTHER WEEK
GET ALL ARTICLES IN WRITE TO JOHN OR
CARLOS GET THEM IN
Hippies AN rLoweR children are literally flee-
ing for their lives from the Haight-Ashbury sec-
tion of San Francisco where hardened drug ad-
dicts, hoodlums and other criminals have moved
et in, Once the mecca of the hippie movement,
Haight-Ashbury has seen startling changes in
the past year and the results have been telling.
In one three-month period there were 13 murders
and police estimate that overall crime has
jumped more than 100 percent in the past six
months. Most of the hippies and flower children
_ have moved away to other stamping grounds,
_ such as nearby Berkeley and the Big Sur,
— Chicago 1969 will probably turn out!
to be a full scale “war".
2
