					The Movement
					The Targets

Richard Nixon: Successor to retired target our late and not so great king L.B.J. Hustler
made good; a mad master of the system. Americas finally bought his used car.

General Lewis Hershey: Conscriptor of the youth to feed the war machine; sworn enemy of the
dissenter (wanted to re-classified them all 1-A). In draft parlance, a lifer.

David Rockerfeller: Vocal in preserving trees, cities and other "good" things. HIS Chase Manhattan Bank deals with South Africa and other Bad things. Read up on him.

Charles Engelbard: Fatcat, Powerful industrialist, philanthropist, Democrat. Much of his wealth comes from South African gold.

John Wayne: Bayonet rettler. He is this culture’s symbol of nationalism, militarism, blood, gore and the glory of insane wars.

Garyson Kirk: (epitome of his kind) The perfect foil. Aloof and blundering, he presided over the "corruption of the academy to the service of the state."

J. Edgar Hoover: Lawnorder. A Commie under every bed (no chicks in the bed either) and a conspiracy behind every beard and long hair. It’s a Commie plot. It's a Commie plot. It's a Commie plot. It’s a Commiepl

M. Waldeck Rochell: Head of the French Communist Party. Helped in the put down of the student revolt.


				  ALLEN GINSBERG AT U. MASS.

	This summer I had the pleasure to meet Allen Ginsberg at an informal press conference at U. of Mass. Rapping with Allen meant more to me than it would mean to the All-American boy to meet the President.
	That night Allen gave two one hour readings to the overflow audience that came to see one of the most phenomenal human beings of our time. He read some of his poems on dope, humorous observations on politics, and sex. Most of what he read was from his "Long Poem on these States." After the press conference was over, about ten of us rapped with Allen for about half an hour. Of course, that's too much to print so I'll give you some selections for your enjoyment:

Allen on Dope Laws - "And now there's a new proposition that anyone of the younger people who has smoked marijuana be classified as a felon. This is the latest thing coming out of the White House. So it will be felonious to be a teahead! Which means that over 50% of the younger population or I think statistics show 90% in Harvard. So that means all these young Harvard boys now occupy the same felonious status as formerly, what? whiskey or something?"

On the Up Against the Wall Mother ------

	"I've been interrupted by the Mother ____, thank God! I didn't have to entertain anymore. They had something to say, too. It added a good deal of liveliness to the evening. I had no objection – uh, not much objection. I had a little objection, I was a little miffed, but not much."

What attracts the young to you?

	Certainly not sex... Alas."

							– Dave Potvin



