January 27, 1941

Dear Mother;

It certainly seems nice to sit down to a typewriter again.
At last the Canteen hes been equipped with a machine. Its all very
nice but I won't be able to use it for very long. You see I plan to
leave this job by the end of the month. Its a long story and I don't
wont to go too much into deteil. There are several reveons why I will
be glad to leave. In the first ploce I don't like the new Exchuage Officer
at all. He is too petty and sort of an old maid. Another reason is
that I want and need some exercise. I am getting fat just hanging around
the Canteen all the time. Spring is about to set in down here ond from
now on the weather promises to be good. Furthermore I realize now
that my chances for advancement aren't at all good while I am working
here. No doubt I have learned a lot about business and booking, but
I have learned nothing about the military side of life and if I ever
expect to become an officer that is what I must know. The other day
I had a talk with my battery commander ond from it I judged that as
long as I stoyed in the Canteen I wouldn't get much cooperation from
him. It seemsthey are getting some now equipment in our battery and
it wilL take a lot of new men to get it in good working order. It a
radio plane detection idea perfected in England. At any rate I will
soon be out of the Canteen; for better or for worse.

You asked in your letter for a bit of an idea as to what
I do during tho doy. Actually since I hove been in the Canteen, I haven't
done mach playing. Honever my successor bas been appointed and
gradually I am being relieved of my former work. Yesterdey wes
desutiful end warm. Tt wes just Like spring, The fellows were taking
sunbaths and playing ball in their shorts. Some of them( at the risk of
jelly fish ond sting rays) went for a dip in the gulf. Another fellow
and myself went for a walk aroun camp. We looked over the new regiments
that heve arrived since we first came. Then we walked down by the
waterfront. It is rather pretty here in a bleak sort of way. The whole
area is dead flat, not a tree in sight and very little grass. The roads
are made of shell and when they are dry shine very white in the sun.
At present there is a lot of construction going om and most everywhere
you can see huge piles of dirt and cement mixers. Imagine that when
the place is completely finished, with all the buildings painted and
grass laid out, it won't be too bad. However as I was saying, we went
down by the water ond walked along the beach. The Gult of Mexico is
very blue end calm. For some reason or other I don't got the same
feeling as when I am near the ocean. It seems more placid and not so
full of strangeness end mystery.

I took a few pictures even though there is very little of
artistic beauty. When they are developed I will send them to you.
When wo came back supper was resdy. After supper I went to the movies.
We have here a huge tent for a theatre. It seats some twelve hundred
boys and the seats are not too uncomfortable. The price is only fourteen
cents [?] a complete modern show. After the show I went to the
Conteen, had a beer ond went to bed ot nine-thirty. Usually I haven’t
been in bed much before eleven. I have had to remain at the Centeen
until everything was closed, the cash counted end the lights put out.

#2
Since I have been working at the Canteen I have gradually obtained
a lot of special priviliges for myself. I was put on what they call
special duty and I mede the most of it. I was aloowed to stay in bed
in the morning. It is strictly against regueltions as everybody in the
entire camp is supposed to be present at roll call. I never will know
how I get away with it, Reveille is ot 6;15 A.M., breakfast at seven
and the day begins at eight. However I didn't have to be at the Canteen
until eight-thirty and I could miss breakfast so sometimes I stayed in
bed ungil eight or so. I couldn't always sleep thought because of the
noise. First and alarm clock, then a bugle, then the sargents' whistles
and finally the talking and yelling. Now though I seem to be able to
sleep right through it all and at times heve been late to work.
When I miss breakfast at the battery I usually eat a snack at the
Canteen so I don't exactly sterve to death. Lunch is at twelve, but
up until the lest few day I never ate before one. Sometimes that
worked to my advantage, sometimes not. Occasionally all the rood
would be gone and the cook would gather up a steak and I could more or
less help myself. Other times the food would be gone. (period).

I usually had about an hour at noon and then went back to work.
The Canteen wasn't open in the afternoon but I had to meet s[??]esmen
and do some book work. Supper was at five and then I worked until
closing, So you see all in all it was a pretty long day. This kept
up seven deys a week for about eight weeks and it started to get on
my nerves.

When I go back to the battery all that will be changed. My
special priviliges will be gone and I will once more lead the life of
a soldier. I honestly don't think it will any harm as I
am losing sone of the benefits thet come fron strict discipline and
an obedience to orders even though they may be abitrary and extremely
annoying. I hate to think that I would have spent a year in the
Army ond not oven gone on guard duty. I will describe that when I have
done it.

The other night I went out with my light section and had hoped
that I would be able to something. As luck would have it, the
plane could not get off the ground beosuse of fog and so we turned
around and came home. I understand that now the real bed weather has
passed we will begin a period of intensive training.

Yo asked about the good. I never was to complain
food. It is plain and has too much starch but otherwise it isn't so
had. We do have I believe too much pork ad ham.; also lots of beans
and corn chower. We don't have enquch fruit to suit me. When we do
have it is is generelly green or rotten so perhapts it is just os
well not to serve it often. All in all though I get enough end although
I haven't weight myself I am sure I have gained. Most everybody does.

It has just started to rain cats end prairie dogs. The ground
is already slippery and a fe more minutes will be a bog of mud.
ALL the fellows are hustling around putting down tentsides end trying
to get into the rubber overshoes,that were issued to us, before
shiny shoes get all muddy. Mine will get muddy just walking back to
the tent. Well I'll close now with lots of love.
Fred

Dear Cap;
Its been rather a long time since I have hea [page cut out]
even longer since you have heard from me. Having at [page cut out]
I will at least start a letter. First of all I want [page cut out]
somewhat belated thanks for your Christmas gift. The [page cut out]
certainly came in very handy particularly as I received it [page cut out]
I set out on a three day trip to Mexico. Being confronted with [page cut out]
temptations of foreign lands and having only a few dollars to
[yield?] to them is certainly a problem. Every bit helps so thanks again.

Things are going alonghere in their usual up and down motion.
Army life is full of ups and downs. It is a rather hard transition
to make and I suppose there should be difficulties. At times there seems
be a point to it all and at other times it all seems so foolish.
I cannot seem to accept the current philosophy that each day is just
another twentyfour hours to be in the Army and to gold brick (loaf)
I can only say that the Army has about every variation and variety
of thought, action, motives and human being. It makes it very interesting
yet at the sam time confusing.Everybody has their own reason for
being here. Now that the draftees have arrived there is a new element
added which is perhaps makes the whole picture more tragic. I cannot help
but get a queer feeling when I see them marching, forced and terrified. 
It seems different when it is done against one's will.
Up to the arrival of the draftees our entire regiment was one of 
volunteers and National Guardsmen. Now it is ni part a conscripted
army. I had occasion the other day to visit the draftee area. It was
very interesting. Many of the boys consider the draftees as something
to be photographed and considered as oddities. Soon they will be
mixed in with the regular batteries and then I am sure the attitude
of one or the other will change.

My own career has been one of hard work and little time for
the usual pastimes of soldiers. As I mentioned in my last letter,
I have been working in the Regimental Exchange. I was made steward
and given charge with the aid of an Exchange Officer. Now I regret
my acceptance of the position and have asked for a transfer. So
this is my last week in the retail business. I hated to think that
I might spend a year in the Army and know very little about military
life. My chances for advancement, I was told by my batter commander
in the long run would be much better if I went back in the searchlight
battery. So next week I go back to a soldier's life with guard duty,
kp and all the rest of the drudgery. I really don't mind though as
that is what I expected in the first place. My work here in the Canteen
was really very good experience and I have learned a lot about business.

The day after Christmas a bunch of us fellows [?] [?] and
took a three day trip to Mexico [page cut out]
so [page cut out]
so our travels were confined [page cut out]
though have a good taste [page cut out]
Both of which are not [page cut out]

#2
All went well though and n o trouble showed up. On the way home
we stopped in the famous King ranch, the largest single owned piece of 
property in the world. I takes five hours to cross it. Our driver was
a true native son and he pointed out many interesting things that
ordinarily would be missed. We saw oil wells in action and spotted
all sorts of wild game.

Yesterday was truly like spring. Meny of the boys took sunbaths
and played ball in their shorts. A few even dared the jelly fish and
sting rays and took a dip in the gulf. I thought of you all up North
freezing in the snow and rain. At time though I miss the cold weather
particularly the skiing. I haven't been skiing since I broke my leg and
I am very anxious to try it again. I hope to be able to next winter,
but if the great white father talks too much we may get ourselves in
trouble. I hope not.

Well I am using the Exchange typewriter and they want to send
out a letter or two so I will have to stop. I hope everything is well
with you and that you are getting your share of the prosperity that
I read about. I'd appreciate hearing from you and knowing what the
current trend of thought is up North. You sort of lose contact with
the outside world in this hole and I don't trust too much the papers.

As ever your wayward but devoted nephew,
Fred

W.F. Bachelder
211th. CA(A)
Camp Hulen, Texas

PALACIOS
JAN 28
10 AM
1941
TEXAS

AIR MAIL

Mrs.W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke,
Massachusetts

