Wednesday

Dear Mother;

Strange things happen in the Army. Not the strangest but
nearly so, that so far has happened to me is my presesnt situation, Here
I am on field manoevers; supposedly roughing it in true Army style, writing
to you from the heart of a National forest on a typewriter. To increase
the strangeness of the situation I am in a large tent, one of two fellows,
listening to a radio and doing close to nothing all day long. So that
you won't jump to any unwarranted conclusioms about my days activities, I
will say right off that my main problem is parental. I am the proud father
of ( no not what you think) five squealing, crawling baby DUDS; age two days.

You see I happen to be one of a group of five who are staying
behind at our base camp. We have to watch out that a few supplies and
things left behind aren't stolen or wet. The rest of the regiment has
trickled out at all sorts of odd hours of the night by batteries for
parts unknown. You see we are in the middle of some sort of war games
although the closest to a game has been cribbage. The place of storage
is at Headquarters and as yet that particular battery hasn't moved out yet.
They have been ready and on the alert now for two days. Suddenly, perhaps
late tonight, a call will come and they will sneak out, all dark like and
everything.

Back to the puppies, It seems that a prolific moother has again
been prolific and the world is now four little blacks and a white more
populated. The mother is a world-worn beagle hound, the father unknown.
They are cute little tikes, with shut eyes and yawing mouths. However
during the heat of the day they cry all the time, It really gets hot
here, 120 in the semi-shade the other day. I've never been so hot and
feelt so all dragged out before. At night though it cools off and is
fairly sleepable. The water situation is the most bothersome. There is
very little opportunity for washing and the water is always chlorinated
and usually warm; not very thirst quenching. Now that our regiment
is due to leave we eat about five miles away in another regiment. The
food is the same all over the Army, so it really makes little difference.
It is rather remarkable to think about thousands of men all eating the
very same rations. They are not very good though and it is rather
remarkable to think about thousands of men all throwing away the very
same rations.
|
These war games are really something. I suppose somewhere,
somebody really knows what is going on. We have no personal contact
with the 'enemy' at all. An anti-aireraft regiment is partly defensive
and experimentaly offénsive. Hence we are in a 'no mans land' when
it comes to our proper function, This particular forest is filled up
with men from many other regiments but so far I have not been able to
talk to them. However I am sure they all talk English and think the
same things about the Army. Incidentally you may have read the article
about the amy in Life. I suppose you have been reading various other
articles and no doubt you have made soje sort of an opinion about the
Army. The best thing to do is to forget any opinions and wait until
things get ironed out a bit. It is impossible to tell right now just
what will happen and in spite of the extension I believe that something
will break so that we can be out soon. I won't even go into the
subject of furloughs. More when these manoevers are over.

I received your letter and two cards. The little fellow is
cute and I have him in my field bag. The address is the same.
We don't know where we are going from here.

Lots of love to all,
F

VIA AIR MAIL
ALEXANDRIA LA
AUG 30
3 PM
1941

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts
