THE 211TH CA [AA] REGIMENTAL EXCHANGE
Dear Mother;

I have been rather negligent again. I was supposed
to have written last Sunday and here it is Thursday. I have
no excuse except the usual one; put it offishness, laziness etc.
This time I haven't been too busy. However things are getting
nowhere around here. I still am working at the canteen although
I don't do very much. The work I was doing is now being done by
three people and hence I just sit around, look dumb and get in
the way. Its and easy life anyway and I don't think I'll mind
it for a few weeks. I sleep about ten hours a night and part of
the after-noon. That seens to be the way things are done in the
Army; first all work and then none. Its a greet life, complicated
by all sorts of things and very herd to describe. I realize I
haven't been too descriptive in my letters, but then there is
really nothing much to describe.

Every morining I get up about seven-thirty or
eight. ( I might say that I am about the only one in the
regiment thet has this privilige. How I got it I don't fully
understand). Next I wash and shave. We now have hot water and
showers. Quite the luxury. Following my toilet, I run, saunter,
or stroll about a quarter of a mile to the Centten. My’ choice
as to the gait depends on the weather. I have to eat my
breskfast at the Canteen because the battery's breakfast is
served at seven; long before I awake. When at work, I merely
walk around, look important and occasionally give a bit of
advice; advice I learned from past experience. I leave about
eleven-thirty, go back to the battery, eat lunch, then lie
dom for about an hour. The after-noons are varied. Most of
then are spent talking with salesmen, doing odd errands or
sleeping. Which one depends on the Exchange officer, my
ambition or the persistence of the salesmen.

Supper is at five. After supper I may or may not
come back to the Exchange. Occasionally I come back and help
the bookkeeper on the records. Other times I go to the
movies, to Palacios (town) or just stay around the tent.
More often I do all three. I have read quite a bit, mostly
military manuals, but I have managed a few good books. The
regiment hes quite a good library and I hope to be able to
use it more.

The real adventege in my present position is that
I still have all the liberties I formerly had but never could
use for lack of time. I have to report to no formations and
have a pass good for any time of day or night. It makes it
very nice but not much like the Army.

I am afraid though that soon my little paradise will soon
end. I will soon go back to the battery. In a way I will
be glad because after a time I get sort of tired just lazying
around, Also I don't know how much credit I am being given
for my work. However I don't think that makes much difference.
I haven't yet figured out just what waa promotions and ratings
are given around here. That part of my life is still an
engiman.

Well I have to go now and eat lunch. You have to be
on time or else I would have to wait until the others were
through and I'm hungry. I certainly was surprosed to hear
about Bill Kessler. Just after I received your letter, I
received a letter from him. When I hear things like that, I
am glad I joined. I must at least always keep in mind that
my year is rapidly going. Over a third of my time has gone
by now and I am now making thirty dollars a month. No longer
a rookie.

There are all sort of rumors as to where and when
we will move out of here. However they are just rumors
and there are so many of them that I won't even bother
to enumerate
.
I would appreciate if you send down any pictures
you might have of Carnival. No hurry.

Lots of love,
Fred

/W.F. Bachelder
The 211th CA(AA)
REGIMENTAL EXCHANGE
CAMP HULEN, TEXAS

AIR MAIL

PALACIOS FEB 14
10 AM
1941
TEXAS

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke, Mass