February 3

Dear Mother;
After a rather hectic week-end in Chrpus Christi 
I am writing this letter. A baker who come to the Canteen
asked me to go back with him along with another fellow
who works here also. We left about noon on Saturday. It is
about a three hour drive. I went over the same road that we
took on our trip to Mexico so from the interest of the ride
there wasn't so muhh (something just happened to the
typewriter.)

When we arrived there we took a ride around
the town and went down to the wharves. Corpus is noted for
its shipping you know.The city is very nice and quite a lot 
cleaner than many of the other cities along the gulf.
We had supper with the baker and his wife at a famous fried
chicken 'shack'. It was really fried chicken and very delicious.
It was just brought in in a basket and we ate it with our
fingers. After supper we went around to a few of the less
elegant but more colorful nite spots. All in all we had a
good time and it was worth the money. We stayed overnight
in a moderate priced hotel. The next day was very beatiful
and we took another ride around the town, this time around
the residential district. There certainly are some very pretty
homes in Corpus and apparently lots of money, most of it made
in oil or shipping.

We hired a taxi about noon and drove back to camp. 
The whole time spent away from camp was very short but even
a few hours different scenery makes a whole lot of difference. 
I was getting pretty sick of Camp Hulen and needed the change.

The weather down here is not as nice as it was
described in my last letter. Today is very cold and raw. We
now have gas heat in our tents which makes it a bit better.
Over the week-end i t rained andthe ground is stil soggy 
and very slushy with mud. Even if it is not cold by degrees it
is damp cold and chills to the bone. I had a rather bad cold
about a week ago, but it is all cleared up now. I weighed
myself the other day and to my surprose and amazement I have
gained about ten pounds. Most everybody has gained at least
some but that seems quite a lot. I guess I am eating too many
beans. Outside of my cold though I feel quite well. Army life
is starting to become monotonous now and I will be glad to
get back into my battery. As yet I haven't been transferred but
any day now I expect to leave the Canteen. We have moved into
our new building and it is really quite nice. The large office
and newness makes it a bit harder to change but I think I am
doing the best thing and have already decided.

Jim's battery has been away for the past month. A whole 
battalion goes t o a beach about fifty miles away where they can 
fire the guns. The mud is too soft here and the shrimp fishermen 
raise too much of a stink. They don't like shrapnel falling all
over them. You see we have to fire out over the water as the
shell travel anywhere up to eight or nine miles. However now
Jim is back and I hope to be able to get together with him a
bit more than I have in the past. At the beginning I was too bussy.

There are all kinds of fellows in the regiment. In my battery
are all sorts of fellows. I have met them a l land several seem very
nice. There is one fellow that come from Newton. He knows Bill
Wise very well and the Towers. His father is vice-president
of a bank in Boston and he formerly worked in a bank. He is a buck
private the same as myself. There are also a lot of former C.C.C.
boys in the regiment. Many of them are really nice, more so than
those with more money and supposed advantages.

I received the brownies and thanks a lot. The boys in the
tents liked them and so did I. Incidentally we now have a draftee
in our tent.I don't know him very well as he came in while I
was away over the week-end. I have spoken with several of them
and the seem like a good bunch of boys. Some of them just don't
give a damn and want to get the year over with in a hurry. 
Others want to get the most out of it and see in it a year to be put to
advantage.

Well I have to stop now. The officer wats me to to do something for him.
Lots of love,

P.S. When is Julia's birthday?

W.F Bachelder
211th CA(AA)
Camp Hulen
Texas

AIR MAIL

PALACIOS
FEB 6
2 PM
1941
TEXAS

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke,
Mass