
February 18, 1941

Dear Mother;

This is just a short letter to tell you how
much I enjoyed your valentine and let you kmow that things
are just about the same around here. The money although
not hecessary makes for more pleasant living and gives me
the opportunity to do a few extra things such as eat a
meal or two down town, away from the crowded mess hall and
general boarding house confusion.

The other day, I used some of the money and
went horse back riding. I went with enother fellow that
works in the Canteen. We hade a marvelous time. The ranch
where we went is located about four miles out of Palacios.
We hired a taxi to take us out to it. Then a youn kid started
to round up the horses. He had to lasso them. We used regular
western saddles. My horse was a cow pony and not very lerge,
but plenty of pép. First we rode around the dirt roads and
then we set off across the prairies. We chased cows and
had a good time. Ny pony seemed to like to chase the cows
and when he saw one stray away fron the main herd, he would
go after it as fast as he could, There was little I could
do about it except hang on, We hed to ford a stream and
climb up a steep embankment so all in all I got a good
workout for my first time on a horse in several years.
The next day I could hardly stand up and move around. However,
I feel better now and am looking forward to going again.
It cost only fifty-cents an hour and I think it is a good
way to spend my money. When we came back we had a big steak
dinner and then went to a movie. So all in all it was a
fine after-noon.

I am still in the Canteen although as mentioned
before I don't do very much. I am now waiting until a
draftee can come in here permenently to work and then I
will be out. I will be glad. The weather is gradueliy
warming up a bit and soon spring will be here in full force.
Most of us have fairly good tans now, It still gets pretty
cold at nights though and on rainy days it is quite
miserable, The one thing I am not lookinf forward to
is the misquitoes and bugs. Soon they will cone out and
then our troubles will start. I hear they are quite bed
around here, I don't like snakes, particularly rattle-snakes.

I presume that now you are having the most
dieagreeably part of the winter. Soon the slushy season will
start in and life won't look too good. I am glad that
we are going to miss all that. There is still no information
as to when we are leaving. Probably it won't be until well
along in the spring. I don't want to leave it until all
the bad weather has left the place we are going to; if you

get whet I mean,
I received the newspaper in good order and thenks
again. I also received a letter fron Bob MacLane written
efter Carnival. He sald that Dave had flown up and from
what I imagine, they must have had a fine time. I
certainly wish I could have been there. I also received a
letter some week ago from Cousin Dalton, It didn't contain
much reading matter, but was a gentle breeze from the
North. I guess I will answer it some day although I'm not
sure I will.

Tell Julia thet I enjoyed her letter very much,
and that I am duly ashamed for not answering it sooner
than I intend to do in the near future. Her style is
terrific and I laughed myself right out of my bed.

Just for your information, I might say that I heve
gained about fifteen or twonty potinde depending on how
much beer I have been drinking before I weigh myself.
I am getting positively fat and thats one reason I will
be glad to get back to the battery. I am not the only
one though. Nearly everybody puts on weight, many of them
more than I. I sleep well and believe myself to be in
good health. Occasionally I have the sniffles but have
had really only one bad cold. Perhaps I an speaking out of
turn as right now one battery after the other is being
quarantined beosuse of Geren measles. It happens at
camp, it happens at school and now it happens in the Army.
I guess I'll live through it though.

Saturdey the regiment is going to march in Houston.
I however do not march as I am stil at the Canteen. There
is one example of what I miss by not being a regular
soldier.

Well I guess I have covered most everything. I
hope to put some pictures in the envelope, but will
probably forget to do so. Please save them. Thats a silly
request isn't it? I'll take some more somebody and will
send then home someday.

Love to all, dog included.
F

P.S. Please send down about six (6) pairs
of brown wool socks. They can be bought at
[?][?] on the first floor, near the door.
I brought some before and gave you the paper
label, remember? My socks are getting holy
+ don't have time to sew! alas please send!
Two cotton considering the socks have what they
call a lining. - Thanks

W.F. Bachelder
The 211TH CA(AA)
CAMP HULEN, TEXAS

AIR MAIL

PALACIOS
FEB 20
2 PM
1941
TEXAS

Mrs. W. F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke,
Mass.
