
Friday Morning

Dear Mom:

Thanks for your letter and for sending my coat. I wanted it to wear Sunday. Am
going to measure the length of it tonight and see about having it let down a littie.
Last year all my dresses showed below it. Thanks also for the lovely big red apples.

Had a nice evening with the boys last night -— a birthday celebration. They drove
up and picked me up right here. We drove up the avenue a ways and then went to
LaSalle DuBois where we had Oysters Rockefeller and a nice turkey dinner, along
with a few other things. Then we landed back in the Village and went into two
hotels looking at two furnished rooms, with the idea again of the boys living
together -— of course it means nothing, but was lots of fun. Also found a possible
place for you in the Brevoort at $2.50 a night with bath, or $2.00 with just running
water, prices which I liked. I have a couple of more places to look at, however,
before a final decision. Am glad you are still planning the trip, because I am
counting on it. Uncle Jack said he might drive up this weekend but as Fred can't
go with him this weekend, he said he might do it next weekend, and drive you back.
That is between you and me, but is a possibility, and I thought you might like to
think of it as such. It would be nice if he did. They were both in good form
last night end we had a nice time.

And I guess Fred and I are going to spend the day together on Sunday. I am to
get him up and take him to church, after which we will go to dinner together and
then the Symphony. I think he is quite pleased that I am taking him -- he so
often gets around to doing anything like that himself!

Mr. Carter left Tuesday for Williamstowm and his restcure. I certainly hope it

will do him some good. Expect he will be away all next week, too. I don't have
much work to do but manage to fill the time. Pay Day Today! !

It just poured here on Tuesday, just at going-home time. Wednesday and Thursday
were beautiful days--blue sky but quite cold and very windy. Today started off
rainy but is clearing now.

Had better get to work now; Reeve just brought me in some stuff to do. She is
certainly grand to work with and I thank my lucky stars every day I didn't draw
another old crab, or a "high—het".

Heaps of love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N. Y.
NOV 13
1130 AM
1942

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts