October 6, 1942

Dear Mother;

It seems that again I am over due. I guess it is
habitual. Things have been going along here as usual.
Every now and then something of real interest pops up and that
sort of keeps me going for a while. I am not looking forward too
much for the cold weather. My little room is on the North and
I am afraid that it will be cold in the morning. However
I don't really know yet as they aren't going to turn the heat on
for another few weeks. Part of the fuel saving system you know.
I had dinner with Julia the other day. She probably
told you about it anyway.

The other night I happened to run into Bill Mullins
dow here in the village. He lives way up in the Bronx but was
down here for a date with Jack McElwain's wife's sister. I
met her later in the evening and we talked about Holyoke etc.
Bill is working in New Jersey at some war plant and I guess
making pretty good money. He was given a complete discharge
from the Army and probably won't go back in as his skin is
susceptible to dust. He receives a pension already because of
it. Fortunately it is not on his face but even now his legs
are bound up at times. The girl he was with, Pamelia Tewksbury,
is quite nice and I may give her a ring one of these nights.
She lives only two streets away.

The other day I went to the Yale club with a fellow
in our gvoup who went to Yale. We listened to the worldseries
and hung around a while. I guess everybody under fifty is in |
the Army for the place was filled with old men. Then I went
alone over to the Dartmouth Club. It is rather small but quite
nice and works in conjunction with the Princeton Club. There
wasn't anybody around that I knew and for some reason the class
of 1940 hes few members. Again the War. I plan though to go
around more oftne.

Tonight our entire group is going to a brewery
where we will have dinner. Perhaps we'll move our office over
there! Anyway it ought to be fun.
I received you last letter and thanks for the clippings.
I see they have at last gotten Russ Madden. It was interesting
about Eddie Blount and I hope I can see him. Also I received
the pills and have started to take them. I hope they really do
some good as the price.... I am returning the check. Thanks
but I can pay it myself and anyway I think I might let it go a
a while. It doesn't run out until a year after it is due. Buy
yourself a new hat with the money. Again thanks.

I don't know that I heartiyl approve of the renting
room idea. However if that seems best o.k. As you say you can
always give it. I hope you can get somebody suitable.
I may be home this week-end.If I ean get away early enough Saturday
I will put on my uniform and travel cheap. I will wire when I
leave and Julia can pick me up. Don't be expecting me though.

Love,
F