September 20,

Dear Mother;

Well here I am on duty in the office again, This
time however it is a Sunday duty during the day. I don't
quite know whether or not I like it better at night or during
the day. At night you can try to go to sleep and perhaps
succeed but in the day you just can't possiblg go to sleep
both because of the light and noise but also because it
wouldn't look to good to be found snoring away on a cot.
Anyway this is a good opportunity to catch up on writing and
reading. So far the time has flown by. It is now about twelve
and nothing has happendd wxcept that I have read the morning
papers written one letter and am now writing to you.

Last night I had dinner with Julia. We went to
Chumleys restaurant which you no doubt know about. That place
is very nice, with good food and inexpensive prices. Our dinner
of appetizer, soup, roast duck, salad, dissert and coffee
was only 95 cents which isn't too bad, We didn't do anything
afterwards as it was about nine o'clock by that time and
I had to get up early this morning to come over here. Anyway
Saturday night is no night to be out in New York. Everywhere
is too crowded and the prices are jacked way up.

I think I told you about deciding not to go to
Law school. I am glad now that I made that decision because
it looks as though there might be something happening around
here before the winter is finished. I guess I told you that
George is going overseas. I happened to run into an officer
who I know and who is George's superior and he says George
is very glad and probably will get a commission soon himself.
I sort of wish I was going along too. This life in New
York isn't too hot. It is very dull or very exciting, little
stability to the thing and if I saw a good opportunity I
would chick the whole thing up in a jiffy. Perhaps I should
get married.

Early and myself are not having much luck with
apartments. Indeed we have about given up the idea at least
until after October first for then the owners will be
in a less sure position and perhaps we can talk them out of
a lease.

I went to a part the other night at a friends
house and met some of the old boys from Governor's Island.
They tell me that most of the fellows were sent to remote
part of New York State and that very few of them are still
in the City. In some ways I think I was lucky to be sent
over here. Anyway time will tell.

The other day the Major came back from school and we had
a party for him, Some of the boys want to go with him wherever
he will be sent. It will be to some port overseas, I don't know
him well enough to ask as he was only here for a few weeks while
I was here. However I don't think it makes any difference as [
doubt whether or not he will be allowed to take any enlisted men
along with him. It would however be a very good assignment.

1 am very glad for Bill Kessler if what you say is
true. I think he will make a good officer and it is no
surprise to me that he was chosen. It will make things easier
for him as far as Tony goes. I received an invitation to
Sid Harrington's wedding but won't be able to go. How do I
write a polite decline? I don't think I will be able to send
him a present. I don't think it is expected from one in my
straights, do you ?

I haven't you last letter here so perhaps some questions
are going unanswered, Take good care of Sandy and yourself.

Lots of love,
F

WAR DEPARTMENT
NEW YORK PORT OF EMBARKATION
OFFICE OF THE PORT QUARTERMASTER
1ST AVENUE & 58TH STREET
BROOKLYN, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N. Y.
SEP 21
12 - M
1942

Mrs. W. F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.,
Holyoke,
Massachusetts

helder, 35 West 11 St., New York City