Wednesday Morning
Dear Mom -
Our apartment goes like this:


[FLOOR PLANS]

We are the second floor.

We just love the plece and are having the best time. It is really quite small and
considerably narrower than I have depicted. When people first see it, it seems
very tiny, but it grows larger as you get used to it. Our kitchen is red, and the
living room predominatly blue. Last night we sat down to eat at 6:40. We had
cold sliced ham (we wanted to buy some fish but the store was closed), nice baked
potatoes, canned green beans, cheese, milk, and the rest of the cake. We were
able to buy 1/4 pound of butter last night. I got up and got breakfast this
morning, which consisted of making oatmeal and coffee. I got up at 7:25, the
others about 10 or 15 minutes later. Last night we all sat around the living
room. We had the table from the kitchen in there. Jean & I wrote Christmas

cards at the table, Harriet read & Margie studied. I wrote a card to Hope, a
letter to Aunt Corrie and did up her package which I am going to mail today.
Why don't you save my cards until I get home rather than send them down.

Today I got a card from Dot Bosler. They have a daughter, Carole Louise, born
December 7.

I wanted to ask you if you don't think I should send a card to Mr. and Mrs.
Carter, even though I haven't met her. I don't believe I should send one to
him only and because I don't know her, maybe I shouldn't send one to both.
Maybe I should just not send one. What do you think?

We all slept much better last night, in fact fine, so with a couple more nights
of good sleep, I might live. We are entitled to a 1/2 day off from work to do
Christmas shopping. I think I am going home tomorrow afternoon and do my cards.
It is such a long job.

It anyone wants to give my anything for Xmas, anything for my apartment would
be just fine, anything from soup to toilet paper. I gave you the colors in a
preceding paragraph. The bathroom is also blue.
Must get to work now. Will see you a week from tonight.

Love and kisses,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y

NEW YORK, N. Y.
DEC 16
530 PM
1942

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke, Massachusetts