Wednesday Morning

Dear Mom:

At last I take my pen in hand. I had planned to write to you yesterday, but
I had to work for Mr. Woodard all day as his gal got married. And it is now
rather late in the morning as great movings occurred during the night, as you
can see by the enclosed memo, and there was a bit of straightening out to do
first thing today. For the moment, I really am somebody, with an office all
to myself, but Mr. C. and I are finally going to be further down the hall in
an office overlooking the Plaza and the gardens on top of the British building,
I guess it is, facing South. I really have quite a bit of work to do the rest
of this week getting things in order. I think Mr. C. will be back Monday, so
I want "alles in ordnung" by Friday night.

Thanks for your letter received Saturday morning. Fred and I had a very nice
time on Sunday. I went over for him about 10:30. We went out and he had some
breakfast. Then church at the Episcopal Church on my corner. Then a wonder-
ful dinner at a fine place, but expensive; then subway up to the concert, which
was just grand. We had wonderful seats. Was wondering if you were listening.
Also, if "Aunt" Lucy was. Presume she was, especially with a piano solo. It
was all very nice. Then we walked down Fifth Avenue and went into the Museum
of Modern Art, where we saw an old-time silent Western film, and some awful
paintings. Then we backed down to the Village and had a bite of supper and
so to bed. We thought of you and Arthur dining at the Roger Smith.

I think it will be safe for you to come down here on Tuesday, as right now I
have a room engaged for you in two hotels in the Village. The Grosvenor, the
nearest to me, was $4 a night, so that was out. The Brevoort, also near, was
$2.50, but old, noisy, dirty. The Holley is the same price, $2.50, and a nice
looking place. It is located on the West side of Washington Square, right on
the Square, looking East. It is a short walk from my place, not far at all.
That is where I made a definite reservation for Tuesday night. Then yesterday
I heard of the Van Rensselaer on East llth, just off Fifth Avenue and went
over last night. It is the same style and price as the Holley and I liked it.
But they wouldn't let me make a definite reservation then but said to come in
Sunday, which I will do. And if they have something then for Tuesday, I will
engage it and cancel the reservation at the Holley, as this Van Rensselaer is
nearer to your children.

Also, would you like to stay at Milbank? The girl in the room next to me is going
away and you could have her room. It would only be $1 a night, at the most.
You couldn't stay there Tuesday as she doesn't go away til Wednesday. May be
you wouldn't want to stay there all the rest of the time. Maybe you could come
up for Friday and Saturday nights, as I will be there then on Saturday morning.
We don't need to decide that matter until you are here. So it is all settled
and you will have a place to stay when you come down. Of course, if you don't
like my choice, there is always the Waldorf-Astoria.

We haven't been able to reach any decision as to what to do for Thanksgiving.
Uncle Jack of course doesn't see the necessity for making a reservation any-
where and if I went ahead and made one, he probably wouldn't come. It is
his idea to get in the car and drive out on the island somewhere to eat. Fred
liked the idea and I just as soon, but don't believe you would like that. Well,
now that the room question is practically settled, I will concentrate on this
problem this weekend and see what I can do.

I was thinking that perhaps you would take the 9:30 train down, then I could
meet you during noon hour and we could have lunch together. But perhaps the
train you mentioned would be better for you at the home end. I doubt if Fred
could meet you as he has his class on Tuesday. Possibly I could get off, but
maybe you could go to the hotel and then be all settled and ready to go out
to dinner when I get there. Let me know what you think.

By all means wear your fur coat. When the wind blows on this island, as it
does most of the time, it is just terribly cold. I'm sure I'm going to freeze
before the winter is over.

In case you want to make plans in your mind for your trip, Friday night is
taken as I have tickets for the theater. Could you bring some opera glasses
down, ones that you could leave with me, as I guess most of my opera, theater
and concert going will be in "top" seats.

Would you please save for me the picture in LIFE of the English Princesses,
taken with Mrs. Roosevelt.

I guess I have now covered about everything for this time. Must stop now,
anyway. Am looking forward to seeing you next week and hope you will have
a nice trip.

Heaps of love,
Julia

THE COMPTON
digest
November 18, 1942

The following changes in office locations become effective
today:

1. Mr. Jaeger and his secretary, Miss Dovey, have moved to
Mr. Carter's office.

2. Miss Bachelder, Mr. Carter's secretary, will temporarily
occupy Miss Reave's recent office.

3. Miss Reave has moved to the center office of the three
across from Mr. Vocum.

5. Mr. Heath has moved to Mr. Woodard's office.

6. Mr. Woodard and his secretary, Miss McCarthy, have moved to
Mr. Strubing's office.

7. Mr. Leopold and his secretary, Miss DeVorus, have moved to
Mr. Barnes' old office adjacent to the rear reception room.

8. Mr. Clark and his secretary, Miss Mulhall, have moved to
Mr. Leopold's office.

F. B. Dyck Hoff

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N. Y.
NOV 18
4 - PM
1942

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyok
Massachusetts