Sunday

Dear Mother;

It was nice to hear you over the phone the other
night even thouch the circumetances were somewhat unusual.
I think I mentioned to you when I was home that I had met
One of the Tewksbury girls. Well the other night I happened
to meet her on the street and she asked me un to her apartment
Where she and her sister Live torether, It seems that her
sister, Mary, is studying drawing and drafting. She needs
a set of intruments badly and there is a great scarcity of
them in New York. That afternoon she had been around to many
pawn shops to tryn to pick up some second hand. I remembered
that I had a unused set and mentioned that I would lend them
to her. She needed them badly so she suggested I call up
and that is what I did. I hope you can find them and send them
right along.

These two girls are very nice, well education, and
interesting. They both work here in the city. They live only
a street away from me which makes it handy.

I don't remember whether or not I mentioned to you
when I was home that I spend two ngihts a week working in the
Boys Club of New York. I go over there and act as sort of
advisor for one of the groups. The boys are between twelve and
sixteen. There are some very fine men inc harge and also doing
part time work as myself. We eat together the nights I work
and it makes a very nice break in teh week. However now I
have been asked if I want to work four nights a week and in
return would receive two meals a day and room. The work would
last until ten at night and be sort of supervisory. The
building itself is brand new with fine rooms for the men who
work there. We share a room with one other man and have a
nice living room together.

I think that I will do that as it would save me
a lot of money and at the same time be good experience and
also do some real good work. It is interesting and really
accomplishes a purpose. There is of course the question of
being transferred but they understand all that and are willing
to take the change. Perhaps if I got intersted enough I would
withdraw my request for school. So don't be surprised if
I tell you I have a new address. The building is over on the
East side but is six stories up and is light and airy in the
bedrooms. I happened to find out about the thing by meeting
a Dartmouth classmate on the street.

This afternoon the Club was given two hundred free
tickets to a professional football game at the Polo grounds.
So a group of us 'leaders' volunteered to go along. It looked
very much like rain and was cold and raw at first. Then the
sun came out and I never have nejoyed a football game so much.

After the game we went and had a big steak dinner and
I left the rest of the leaders and came home to write this
letter. They went to the movies. It will mean a pretty busy
week working four nights but I don't think that ever hurt anybody
and I think it will work out very well.

Yesterday afternoon I went over to New Jersey with Uncle
Jack. He made a business call then we had dinner with this
business friend of his and went later to this man's home. He
is a Norwegian and has a very unique house way up on a cliff overlooking
the Hudson and has a wonderful view of New York. Uncle Jack
and I the came back, met Mr. Robertson and had supper. I left
and got home about eleven.

This morning Julia came over and wanted me to go to church
with her. I wanted to very much but had this date to take the
boys to the game so I couldn't make it. I am afraid she is
a bit peeved at me because I don't see more of her. Somehow or
other the week flies by and i just don't make connections.

It will be even worse if I take this new job. It will mean that
at least of my nights will be filled as we have a school
which just started at the base. The school is sort of silly
but sometimes it is interesting and meets once a week.

How are things with you? I am anxious to hear about
the new Lieutenant. Do you have the same one?

Well good-bye now and lots of love.
F

SGT. W.F. Bachelder
35 W. 11 St.,
New York City

NEW YORK, N.Y.
NOV 2
10 - AM
1942

Mrs. W. F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.,
Holyoke,
Massachusetts