THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK
OF AMHERST

E. M. WHITCOMB, PRESIDENT
B. O. MOODY, VICE PRESIDENT
E. W. ELWELL, CASHIER
F. E. NESTLE, ASST. CASHIER

AMHERST, MASS.
Tuesday Noon
Right after Lunch

Dear Mother:

Work is practically nil and as there is no one in the office now,
I thought I'd write to you to wile away the time and also because I was
going to write tonight anyway.

Things are getting along all right in spite of the fact that our
"Boss" isn't around. I have hardly been home at all, but I expect to be
there this evening, so will turn the heat up for the first time when I
get home this afternoon. But poor little "Lover" is just miserable. How
he hates to be shut up each morning! And then I come home and he just
gets used to having me around when out I go again, or else I go to bed. ‘
Have an awful time to get him off my bed at night so I can get into it.

What a long, crowded train you got on -- and what company! I hope
you reached your destination without being trampled on. Main Street and
the stores were just packed. Went into Steigers, Forbes & Brighams. Saw
three frocks I wanted and had some money with me to do some buying if I
wanted to, but, of course, didn't. Went to the dog show. Very interesting,
but wish I had had someone with me. Didn't see a sole I knew all afternoon.
Got home at 5:30, fed Sandy, changed my dress & went down to the Caddens.
Had a nice supper and visit. Helen comes home in two weeks for a week's
vacation. We must have them up. Home at ten and so to bed.

Sunday got up at quarter of nine, made pancakes that were good but
stuck to the pan a good deal, went to church at 10:30 by myself. Every
seat taken. Happened to sit with Mrs. Gowett. Had Communion. Bought a
paper and went over to Lucy's. She wouldn't go to church. Visited a while
then went home to take the chicken out, which I hadn't had time to do before,
and let Sandy out. We left at quarter of two and went down to Longmeadow to
have dinner at The Old House on the Green. Very nice place. She was just
thrilled to be taken out. We had a nice time. After, we walked up and down
the street a while, then took a ride through Forest Park and around. Saw
the Connecticut car on Pineywoods Avenue and looked for the owner strolling
through the park but didn't see him. But did see my friend Gordon in front
of #91 Pineywoods! Came home here to see Sandy and feed him, then went over
to Lucy's to read the paper and we had some ice cream and ginger ale. Home
a little after nine. Washed the dishes; had not done such since we left on
Saturday. Took a bath and so to bed. Not a very exciting day, but nice.
Beautiful warm day. Was thinking of you. Hope I get a letter when I get
home telling what you did.

Last night I had supper at home -- chicken and broccoli and pears,
and warmed up potatees. Same menu tonight, plus a little jelly which I am
going to get me if we get paid this afternoon. After washing the dishes
but not drying them, I went over to Dot's. We practiced our Red Cross work
and had a nice visit with them, and more ice cream and ginger ale. Howard is

going to Florida on Thursday for ten days to see his brother who expects to be
sent off from there on an aircraft carrier any time now. (He's in the Navy).
Dot is going to be alone on Sunday and has asked me over for dinner and then
perhaps the four of us (Anne & Jon) will take a ride. Lucy has asked me out
for supper on Thursday and perhaps a movie, and over to her house for Friday
night. So you see I'm not having much time to do much housecleaning. Expect
to be home this evening to keep Sandy company, putter around, and go to bed
early.

It certainly has been warm the last two days, way over seventy in the
afternoons. It has sprinkled some here this morning and is muggy, so I |
expect we'll have more rain before long. Great oil-saving days! And I guess
you're glad you didn't take your fur coat.

I hope you are having a fine time. I know you are for it's fun just
being away for a change. I only hope you are behaving yourself and aren't
doing anything that I wouldn't do. Don't get too tired. And please drop
Sandy and me a card at least, once in a while. Will be glad to see you
back again.

Home -- and so glad to get your card and
to learn that you had such a nice day on Sunday.
When you see the boys again give them my
love.

With lots of love to "mom,"
Julia

From: J.B. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke, Mass

HOLYOKE
APR 7
10 PM
1942
MASS.

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
1919 Guilford Street
Forest Hills, Long Island
New York

c/o Mrs. Percy J. Greenough