Friday Morning

Dearest Moms:

Many thanks for your nice letter received last night. Glad you didn't go to play
cards at Miss Chadwick's on Wednesday. Hope you will take it easy - especially along
the eating line. Will be anxious to hear what report Dr. K. will have about you.
Hope it won't be too bad.

Am looking forward with great pleasure to your coming down next week. Had quite a
time getting tickest for "Winged Victory". Went down Wednesday noon. There was a
long "S" line through the vestibule and lobby waiting for tickets. Couldn't wait
that long so went back after work. There was just as long a line then but I joined
the throng. It took 25 minutes. Got rather discouraged as the man gave out dates
such as Dec. 25, Januery 6 etc. But thinking those people perhaps wanted cheaper
seats and hoping there would be 2 orchestra seats for sometime over the holiday,
I kept standing. Had made up my mind to pay the top price, too, $5.50. When I got
to the window I toid him I didn't care when the tickets were for, and he gave me
two for Saturday afternoon at $3.30 each, which I took. Was please with the price,
and believe they are good seats —- on the floor! Hope that is all right with you.
Am thrilled to see a new show, which I gather is really quite good.

I have gotten tickest for the Cities Service broadcast for Friday night. I thought
it might be nice to go to Radio City on Wednesday night. "Claudia" is the movie
there. I saw it as a play last winter and it ought to be quite good. I can set
tickets such as you did last year, so we won't have to stand in line. But will wait
until I hear from you. I think it would be fun but if you think you'd be too tired,
we don't have to do it.

Called Uncle Jack's office yesterday but he wasn't there nor was he going to be today.
Meant to call him at Fiedler's last night but forgot it. I went over to Pam's last
night. They have a very attractive apartment, but are still fixing it up and getting
settled.

Tuesday night we went to the movies and saw the best show I've seen in years. The
title means nothing - "Holy Matrimony" - with Monty Woolley. You must see it. You
would love it. Don't miss it. I laughed hard all through it.

There is a Barnard Club party this Sunday night which I imagine we'll go to.

I would gather that your friend Jean's baby came a little soon, being only 5 pounds.
Hope everything is all right with them both.

Must get ready for lunch now so will close. Take care and write to me again soon.

All my love,
Susan

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
NOV 19
330 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts