Monday Afternoon

Dearest Moms:

Thanks for your Wednesday letter received Friday night. The clipping
about Mary Davenport was interesting. Would love to have heard her.
I can't remember that I knew the girl in the other clipping but thanks
anyway.

Glad your Jews have left. There are anough of the other kind without
taking them in your home. Hope you like this next couple.
What a shame about Alice Knox. Let me know how she is getting along.
Nice that you heard from Mrs. Reed. Am I supposed to write to Ellie,
seeing as how you gave me her address?

Imageine you'll be hearing from Fred 'ere too long now. But don't be
too anxious as it probably takes a long while for mail to travel from
wherever he is.

Well, there's no use trying to cover it up — it has been hotter here
and we have all been more uncomfortable than at any time in our lives.
The papers say we are on our 18th day of excessive heat, and it certainly
has been excessive, to put it mildly. I think my last letter
said last Tuesday was the worst day. Well, Thursday was another,
and likewise Friday, Saturday & Sunday and today. It is just horrible.
Haven't had a sheet over me for over a week, and have been wringing
wet the whole time, day and night (except of course after having sat
in this office for a time, as it is air conditioned and certainly a
relief for the time we are in here.) Most of the time there is just
no air at all. Saturday was wicked in that respect. It looked as
though it would gather into a thunderstorm but it didn't. When I got
up Sunday, the same thing and we just felt awful.

Well, to do something about it, Saturday afternoon we packed our supper
and took the subway up to a part, Tibbets Brook Park, in Yonkers. We
thought we might get a little air for a little while, but as I said
before, it wasn't much better than the city. We sat on a hill under
the trees and ate our supper and paddled in a brook. It was nice but
not the change we thought it was going to be.

Yesterday, however, we did get some different air for a while. We left


at 9:30 and took eht subway out to Jacob Riis beach, a much shorter
ride than the one on Saturday. It was just wonderful out there.
The bathing was superb, wonderful breakers to play in. We hat our
lunch and were on the beach from 11 til 2:30 when we came back early
to avoid the crowds. Needless to say, we all got burned. Margie
the worst and then me. I'm not in quite such bad condition as the
time I got burned on Robbie's boat when you and I went to the Fair,
but almost. While I thought I had my tender legs covered most of
the time, one of them is a bit swollen today. Helen & Harriet got
terrific burns Memorial Day so they aren't suffering today.

When we got back yesterday afternoon, we all took a bath and rest
and then had a nice hot dinner of ham, 'gras, potatoes and nice
fresh pineapple. Then we went up on the roof of the apartment for
a couple of hours in the evening. There was actually a breeze there
so we could breath for awhile. It is going to take mighty cold
weather to cool off the apartment, I'm afraid. My little room is
no worse than the living room of the other bedroom. They're all bad.

Well, I suppose we shouldn't complain. We are still getting enough
to eat, no bombs dropping on our heads, or friends & relatives being
shot or put into concentration camps, We tell each other these
things and are thankful it is only the heat we have to complain about.
It could be worse. We got this philosophy from the picture "The
Moon is Down." You'd better not see it.

Well, I'll certainly be glad to be home for three days. Will plan
on taking the 6:10. You meet that train. If I should get the
earlier one and it should be on time, I can phone you from the
station. Let's hope they don't ban train travel of "A"-car driving
in the meantime!

Keep cool!

All my love as ever,
Julia


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JUN 28
9-PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts