Monday
July 19, 1943

Dearest Moms:

Was sorry not to have gotten a letter from you today, your last letter having been
received a week ago Saturday. Assume you are busy all the time writing to Arthur.

All lest week it was awfully hot again. Can't think of anything special done
during the week. Friday night I went out to Reeve's in Leonia, New Jersey to spend
the night. It was so nice to get out of the city for a spell. They have a nice
home, but nothing special; smaller than ours, in a nice residential section. Her
mother and father are very nice; her father reminded me of Mr. Pickett of Northampton
Commercial College. We had a nice supper and took a walk around in the evening and
then played records on the victrola. I was in the guest room next to Reeve's room
and very comfortable. The birds woke me up in the morning but went to back to sleep
again until we got up about 9:30. After a nice breakfast Mr. Reeve drove us (against
the law!) over to the Englewood Field Club in Englewood, NJ. It is a very nice
place with tennis courts and swimming pool. We went in swimming and had lunch at a
very attractive shop nearby. Reeve had to leave to work at the Red Cross which she
does every Saturday afternoon, but I went back to the Club for another swim. A
friend of hers who belongs to the Club (one of her rommates at Bank St.) was there,
so I spent the afternoon with her. Got some more nice color. I took the bus about
4:20 for New York. It is about a 40 minute bus ride, through the Lincoln Tunnel,
my first trip through one of those tunnels. On the Jersey side, the bus goes along
the top of the Palasaides along the river -— a beautiful view of New York skyline.

After supper Saturday night Helen, Harriet & I took the boat ride to Staten Island,
to get some salt air. It is always run. Margie left Saturday morning for a week's
vacation so we are three this week.

Sunday morning we took it easy. I mended and read. We had a nice dimer. At 4:30
we three went to a Servicemen's party at the Williams Club. Had a good time again.
They are generally very good parties. Spent most of the time dancing with a soldier
I met in a "Paul Jones". He was just a bit taller than I and we danced well together.
Helen & I left about 8:30 and went to a movie on 8th street. It was hot over the
weekend but cooled off a bit last night and is a perfect day today.

Had a long phone conversation with Uncle Jack Friday night, but no news to report.
His man who took Brinkman's place left him, so he has been at work more frequently
than is his custom. Said he would see me some night this week. He wanted me to
come out to Fiedler's Sunday, but I didn't want to, so didn't. I suppose I shouid

have gone, there is so very little I do in this world I don't want to do. He will
probably be mad at me, but I suppose I deserve it. I just wasn't interested in
horsing around with them for the afternoon.

I know you will let me know what you hear from Fred. Going to work Thursday morning
I ran into Pam. She had received a letter from him written on the boat on the
way over. I haven't heard again but write to him once a week now.

Am anxious to hear what your suggestions are for my vacation plans I wrote you about
last Monday. I still don't know what to do. I reveived this morning a nice letter
from Piglet saying she would love to have me for a visit. So now I have both Alice
and Piglet more or less expecting me. At this point I am inclined to give up going
to Alice's. Am afraid it would be along, expensive trip, although I do love Maine.
If I went just to Harwichport, I think I would go from and return to Holyoke, in
other words, go during the middle of the two weeks. Will be anxhous to have your 
reactions.

Must go now, and hope to hear from you soon.

Packs of love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JUL 19
12 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts