Monday Morning

Dear Mom:
Mr. Carter hasn't come in yet so I will just dash off a line to you to
say that our ride down was very easy, uneventful and congenial. It was
very nice having a ride in an auto for a change and it was such a
beautiful day for the ride. However, the countryside looked so much
like winter until we passed New Haven, when we saw green grass and a
look of spring in the trees

We didn't stop anywhere and reached the Village about 7:15, still day-
light. Four and 1/2 hours at that slow speed is quite good going, but
there was almost no traffic at all, even on the West side highway. Quite
a change from the oid days I guess.

Uncle Jack coughed and complained of his ill health all the way down.
However, I think he was feeling better by the time we reached here. We
stopped and left our three bags off at our respective apartments and then
went and had supper at xxxx, the four of us. Then Uncle Jack left
and we walked home, Pam and Fred dropping me off at my apartment and then
he walked her home. Hope to see him again, but don't know whether I will
or not, on account of all his doings, whatever they may be. Will let you
know. It was about 9:30 when I got to the apartment. The ride didn't
seem very tiring.

I hope Arthur came very shortly after we left. It was rather early to
leave, but I thought I had better take the chance at a free ride down,
they are so few these days. Take your time now at picking up after us
all. I couid have at least helped with the beds, but it was so cold in
that front room that, after having been softened by our hot apartment,
I just congealed every time I went in there; also, there really was
very little time on Sunday to do much around the house. Save my sheets
for use again.

Can't imagine where my boss is. It is now after 10 and no word from him.
Guess I will have to make a change in the Fall — this life is too easy
it makes me disgusted. He might just as well resign too, for all the time 
he puts in here. I suppose one of the children has the toe-ache.

*It was at Lee Chumley's in the Village where we ate.

Will write again and keep you posted on whatever news I may gather.
I hope you didn't get too tired over the strenuous weekend. I don't
believe you did; you will pull through all right, I know. Be seeing
you in a couple of weeks, unless you want to come down here -- or take
that other trip you talked about. Just let me know whichever it is.

Packs of love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
APR 02
1130 AM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts