Thursday
Afternoon
September 9, 1943

Dearest Mom:

Just a few notes for you for the weekend.

I had lunch this noon with Uncle Jack -—- at a good Italian place on 46th
street between 8 & 9 Aves. Taxied down & back—he paid for both. He was
looking like a million—had on a very good looking new suit——summer weight,
brown with faint blue & orange pin stripe. We had a very nice lunch and
it made a nice outing. His new man isn't working out very well-——guess
he will probably let him go before too long.

I called Pam for lunch yesterday but didn't get her. However, she called
me in the evening. Said she had just yesterday gotten a letter from Fred,
written on Sept. 2 and sent as a regular letter "Air Mail". She said it
was one of the most cheerful she has gotten from him. He is now living
with a private family and still in the same work. No doubt you have heard
from him too by this time, but this information just in case you haven't
gotten a letter recently. Apparently he writes to Pam quite regularly.
Glad to know he is still in Africa.

Uncle Jack said something about driving me up a week from tomorrow. I'm
to call him next week to find out and will let you know.

Mr. Carter came in today. He had to cut his vacation short, due to lots of
work going on right now. It is good to be back in the "home" office again.
It's fun working for others for a while, but it is much more tiring.

Haven't been doing anything but the usuals - clothes wash one night, hair
wash last night, ironing tonight, I expect. If the weather permits, we
hope to get in another trip to the beach this Sunday.

Am still looking for this week's letter from you, dearie. Perhaps I will
find it on my return this evening(?). The caterpillars have gone at last,
thank goodness. They were all over everywhere out back of the apartment,
Some even got inside. And the trees look terrible without any leaves.

Loving you as always,
Susan

Many thanks for the very nice letter I found
on my return to the apartment. Sorry you
have had such a bad time with your back,
but hope it is coming along by this time.

Perhaps you can get the [?] in when
the Ellis' leave. I hope they are still there
next weekend, tho, as I'd like to see them

I will check [?] new address ith Pam.
I have just called her + the address as you
gave it to me is just the way she got it, too,
in the letter she received yesterday. So you can
know that you doped  it out correctly.

Tomorrow noon I am having lunch with my
boss' boss' secretary - a sophisticated new Yale
type but very nice. Monday noon I am going
down to Best's for a hair trim, Tuesday noon I
eat with some other girls at the office. There was
a big war-Band parade on 5th avenue this
noon but I missed it on accounting going
to lunch with Uncle Jack.

Must go out & mail this now. Have just
finished a great big supper I [?] [?] &
I'm stuffed. So, until the nexttime -

Lovingly again,
Me.

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
SEP 9
1130 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts