Friday Afternoon

Dearest Mom:

At last things have slowed down considerably and I am able to start a long
overdue letter to you.

That which has really held things up is the fact that Jean's man, Carroll,
arrived last Saturday, and that has meant lots of extra doings, late hours,
etc. Also, I have been working like a trojan here since a week ago Wednesday
when Peg, Mr. Lowe's secretary, left for part of her vacation. (Mr. Lowe is the
man Mr. Carter works with. He does all the work, though, doesn't seem to want
to relinquish any of it to Carter, who consequently has hardly anything to do.)

Lowe is a slavedriver, anyway; Peg works like the dickens. So I had to do it
for the past ten days. Worked last night as well as Tuesday night. But I
will get paid extra for working overtime, plus $1 dinner money for each of the
two nights, so that is some compensation, although I am pretty tired. I had
to get here by 8:30 this morning, too, in order to finish up some material
that was needed for a meeting later in the morning. I also had to come in last
Saturday afternoon for two hours and do some figuring and typing. I was going
to write to you then, but Harriet came up with me, so I couldn't do it very
well.

Yesterday we certainly had some blizzard down here; imagine you had the same.
It was a beautiful blowing snow in the morning but it turned to sleet around
noon. All the snowplows were out this morning and it was certainly wet and
sloppy and bumpy going this noon, although the sun is out today and it is
lovely overhead.
The opera was wonderful and one of the loveliest things I ever
saw, scenery and costumes. Lawrence Tibbett sang in it, also
James Melton, the radio singer.

As you can notice, I am now writing this after supper on the old
portable and as Jeanie and Margie are sitting here, interruptions
may make this letter not all it should be.

I guess tomorrow will be spent as usual in marketing and cleaning,
with a little resting on my part thrown in in the afternoon while
I listen to “Faust" which I saw just a week ago Wednesday. I'm
thinking of calling up and then going over to see Aunt Corrie on
Sunday afternoon, if there is nothing else to do. I feel asl
though I should do that at least once, seeing I am so near.

I can't think of a thing planned@ for this next week. Am glad to
have a rest from activities for a Chance. We will probably have
some of the Milbank girls over. I had dinner there with Hildegarde
last night and some of them want to come and see us.

As to pas activities, I probebly can't remember them all, but
here goes. We had quite a time last Saturday night. Carroll Was
here for dinner, also Margeries bother, the largest crowd we have
had. Just before that two fellows were here to see Margie, so we
had quite a houseful for about 2 half hour. Sunday I didn't go to
church. Margie & I got dinner for the crowd. I made a meat loaf
again and Carroll said it was very nice. In the afternoon I went
over to Earl's apartment to get this typewriter and the dictionary. They were

supposed to have brought them over to me but that was two weeks
ago and I got tired waiting. Saw Earl this time. He seemed very
nice. I guess Fred and his friends are out of my class.

A week ago Sunday three of us went to St. Mark's in the Bowery, the
second oldest church on Manhattan. It was very interesting. Bishop
Nannine preached that morning, cunning little old man. I saw in a
list of former pastors the name Rev. Alexander Hamilton Vinton, which
sounded to me like the one you knew, but this one died in 1881, so
I guess it wasn't. Perhaps some connection.

Thank you for the nice letter I received this morning (no it was
last night when I got home .) I certainly hope your health is improving
rapidly. Will be anxious to hear how you are. Please
take care. I am glad the friends are taking care of you. Don't
let the house get too cold. Will it be too cold for me around there
when I come home? I think I'll come up next weekend, but may wait
until the holiday weekend. If I come I will send you definite word.
Maybe your cold won't be well enough, or you will be getting in new
tenants, or somthing, so if you'd rather I didn't do it next weekend,
let me know.

Thanks for the enclosures; quite interesting. Would love to have
Freds letters, too. He owes me one but I guess is pretty busy. How
does he say he is getting on?

I got a nice letter from Dalton the other day, in answer to the note
I wrote on a Christmas card. He said something about a leg injury
Lena had. Do you know what it was? I myself wrote 5 letters last
Sunday evening, motly Christmas thank you notes. I thought It was
about time, and all those in one evening is quite a reeord for me.

I guess most everything has been covered now, old dear. Will try
not to have such a lapse of time before my next letter. Was so nice
to talk with you the other evening but one would have thoucht we were
both in Holyoke at the rate we carried on. I fear to look at the
bill.

Going to bed now, Take care of yourself and remember that I still
love you even if I did run away from home.

Always yours,
Julia

[?] morning - your letter received. So glad you are
feeling better nad being taken care of so well by
the good neighbors. How is Dr. Baldwin? Two
bad Bea didn't get a girl. Did you receive an
announcement? Too bad also Liley guess maybe
she really has some trouble. I didn't write on her
Christmas card because she owes me a letter. You
can tell her so when you writer. Am [?]
her letter. Marketing now so will close.

Love, Julia


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JAN 30
4-PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts

