Tuesday Noon

Dearest Moms

Many thanks for your nice birthday letter and the equally nice enclosure.

I don't yet know what I will do with it but will put it to some good use, have
no fear. I got the letter Saturday morning and it was such a nice letter.

I celebrated on Saturday by washing the kitchen floor! What a job; we hadn't
done anything with it at all and it was pretty filthy. Did other work around
the house too. Went to the movies in the evening, but didn't see anything
good. It was a rainy night and the whole day was damp and rainy, not very
nice.

Sunday was a nice day, although windy. Margie & I went up to St. Thomas'
for communion. Had a nice duck dinner, which Harriet cooked. Then I went
alone to the Symphony. It was very nice; I certainly like that form of
entertainment. The USO party in the evening was fun although not exciting,
mostly sailors there that night. I can't stand those sailor suits!

Went to the Cities Service broadcast Friday night and afterwards went into
the Museum of Science & Industry, located in the RCA building. That was
very interesting, but didn't have time to see it all so will have to go
back again sometime. Also went to a broadcast last night but it wasn't
the one we thought it was going to be so we were somewhat disappointed.

Last Friday was a most wonderful day, warm and balmy just like spring. Cold
again now, though. Reeve and I are planning to go skating in Rockefeller
Plaza on Thursday night.

Notice came around this morning that we have a holiday this Friday, as well
as on Mondey the 22nd. I seem to have money enough left so that I could come
home this weekend but guess I'd better not do it both weekends in succession,
so think I'll wait for the next weekend.

I think it's a shame you are having such a time with your cold and cough.
Guess I had better sleep in the attic when I come home. Do you want me to
bring home your two sheets? Perhaps you do need them with such a houseful
as you have, so if you want them, I'll bring them with me.
No more news now, so will close and get to a bit of work. Am looking forward 
to coming home soon, so until then —

Bestest love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 9
530 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts