Monday Morning

Dearest Momsie:

Been thinking of you this nice zero weather. I hope the house has not frozen
up in too many places, and you likewise, of course. I think maybe you ought
to go over and live with Lucy for a month or so and get good and warm. Oil
heat even when you can get the oil is not as good as coal for this weather.
Was thinking of you last night when the radio said it would be about 15 below
in Massachusetts last night. Do take care. And I'm coming home this week-end
no matter what. I think it's just terrible you can't get rid of your bug.
You plan to stay in bed for the three days I am home and be waited on in
royal style! I think it's too bad all your people left you at once, that not
one could stay to wait on you and undo the demage Mrs. Rand did to you. Well,
that's the way it goes, I suppose.

Was so pleased to get your letter Saturday morning with the cunning Valentine
enclosed. I shall save her and look forward to seeing her again next year.
Terrible about Rance Bagg. No doubt he hadn't completely gotten over the
pneumonia siege he had a while back. Will send Aunt Fannie's picture on to
Fred the next time I write to him. Thanks for sending me his letter. I
like to read of what goes on. Am returning it herewith. Thanks also for the
picture of the Princesses. I bought a Life this Friday, which has two more
for my collection.

In the mail this morning I got another check from Mr. Ashely, rebate of $2.10
on war emergency automobile bodily injury policy! May they never stop coming! (Gosh, I just happened to think that this might belong to you, as I don't
remember any such item. Will confer with you and/or Mr. Ashley about it.)

Friday was a beautiful day here. Harriet & I went Shopping in Macy's and
Bloomingdales. Bought a cot bed and two foiding chairs. Rested in the
afternoon and washed my hair in the evening. Saturday was a nasty wet day.
Marketed in the morning and in in the afternoon, prepared and cooked lamb
the "black pan" way. I had lots of fun doing it and it came out just fine.
The girls loved it; had not had it cooked that way. Expect we'll be eating
lamb now for quite some time.

Saturday night Harriet & I went to the movies; saw "For Me & My Gal" a war
picture. Then when we got home at 11 our evening began. A friend of Jeans,
who works in Philadelphia, was up for the weekend with a friend of his and
they had called during the evening, with a view to taking two of us out.
Jean was out at a Chemist's banquet and Margie entertained them until we two
got back. So at 11:30 we started out dancing. Went to ae small place on 8th

Street and had a nice time. They were nice fellows. Home about 2; quite an evening for a couple of old maids!

Yesterday morning I went with Hildegarde up to Riverside Church, a beautiful place.
Heard an excellent sermon by Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick. In the afternoon we took
some pictures and ended up at a Vesper Service at St. Thomas', followed by an organ
recital. The four of us were together. Supper and a quite evening at home, in bed
early for a change.

Must stop now and get to work, also mail this so you will get it tomorrow. Had
planned to write over the weekend. Sorry I didn't get to it. Will be anxious to
hear how you are making out.

Best of love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 15
5-PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts