Monday morning

Dear Mom:

I don't know where the time has gone. I have been meaning to write to you
before this but I guess I must have been pretty busy here at the office last
week, also at the house. Not having a desk at the apartment is not very con-
ducive to letter writing as it is a job to clear off the table and spread out
all the necessary things. Besides, it is easier to write to you on the type-
writer. Can say more.

We are all back together egain now. Jean showed up from Illinois at 9 last
night. Marjorie came in about 5 on Saturday. Harriet came back last Monday
evening about 10:30 and we have been alone until Marge showed up.

It was pouring when I reached New York Sunday night at 11 at Grand Central. We
waited 3/4's of an hour in Springfield before leaving the station. I had to
change trains there and sit on my suitcase as far as Hartford when lots of people
got off and I nabbed a seat. Wasn't I awful to call Hildegarde at 11 o'clock at
night and drag her out in the rain to come sleep with me! But she was a good
sport and did it and I certainly appreciated it. And I don't think she really
minded at all. We had a nice breakfast Monday morning and she did all the dishes.

Monday night I was alone and had the nice turkey and some soup. Spent the
evening straightening out my things & bathing. Tuesday Uncle Jack, Fred, Pam,
one "Jamie", one of Cap's pals, and I had quite a dinner at Charles', a very
fine French restaurant down here in the Village. Had frogs' legs and Crepes
Suzettes, quite a time. Pam seems like a nice girl. Didn't see too much of
her, or Fred, but did hear that Sandy knocked down the Christmas tree. Imagine
you put it away then. Did much get broken? That evening was the only time I
saw Fred. I did, however, go to the station Wednesday noon to see him off. He
& Uncle Jack were meeting a certain place at 1, so I thought I'd be there too.
I got the location wrong and when I found it they weren't there. I found out ,
where the train was leaving from & just as I got to the gates, Fred was going
through, to the train. I shouted and he saw me and said "hello", but that was
all. Didn't see Uncle Jack anywhere around. Got a letter from Fred this morn-
ing, saying he was sorry to have missed me but appreciated my going down.

New Year's Eve Harriet & I were alone. We went to a movie on 8th street, then
home for a while and then as she wanted to go up to Times Square, I had to go
along. But it was quite an experience and I might not have a chance to go again.
Did you hear it over the radio? I gave a special shout to you! The place was
certainiy jammed.

Friday morning I didn't get up til 11:30. We worked around the place. I went
out for a walk and over to Milbank the latter part of the afternoon. Washed my
hair in the evening and we had the lights out before 9:15. Quite a record.
Saturday morning I went to market and bought a lot of things. Cleaned around in
the afternoon, taking down the Christmas decorations, etc., while listening to the
operr. Also took a short catnap. Nothing much in the evening.

Sunday Margie, Hildegard & I went to the Church of the Ascension, corner of 10th
street & 5th Ave. Hildegarde came to dinner. I wanted to have her after coming
& staying with me. We sat around and read the paper in the Afternoon, listening
to the symphony. Then I walked over to Fred's friends apartment, Earl & Al, to
get the typewriter &tc. he left there. But they weren't in, so I left a note.
Hope they will call me soon, so I can get the things before they go astray.

It was so nice being home, sweetheart, and thanks for all the nice presents,
and good food. I wanted to come up for this past weekend and should have, but
I was just so tired, and was hardly settled from the other trip, and I had so
much washing and things to do, that I thought I'd get more rest by staying here,
accomplishing domestic tasks at the same time; also saving $7. I thought I might
regret staying and be pretty bored, but things went along easily, and I guess
it was a good thing I didn't make the trip. Am planning next to come up Feb. 5th,
which is only 4 weeks from this coming Friday.

Hope you are fine. How is the Mrs.? They are nice people, but I only hope
she isn't going to be sick all winter. You take care of yourself.

I hope I will receive a laundry case with my things the early part of this
week. I need the shoes and the jellies. All we have for toast is orange marmalade
and I hate it. I bought 3 sheets and 1 pillow case the other day at
Macy's. Percale sheets @ $1.49 each. They look all right, but maybe they
won't wear so well. Will send your two back to you soon and many thanks.

We are moved again in the office this morning. We are on the 5th floor in a
new location. The walls haven't been painted nor the rugs put down, but aside
from that we are all set. 15 new people from Getchell arrived this morning,
and everybody has been moved around to make room for then.

Must stop now and will try not to wait so long again before writing. Be a good
girl and I hope to hear from your soon. HAPPY NEW YEAR!

Lovingly,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N. Y.
JAN 4
4-PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke,
Massachusetts