Thursday Morning
Bright and Early

Dearest Moms:

Mr. Carter is down at Wheatena this morning so before I do anything else I am going to
write to you at long last -- hoping you will get this before the weekend. The mails are
certainly slow.

It has been so long since I wrote to you that I don't know where to start. Guess I wiil
start with the weather today and work backwards. It is another very cold morning again,
but beautiful clear weather. Yesterday was the same. I imagine it is pretty close to
zero most of the time at home. Hope you are keeping warm and not having any more bursting
pipes. Sunday, Monday and Tuesday weren't so cold but last Saturday was terribly cold and
very windy. Friday night was the very windy night. Signs and store windows and the like
blew in. It was so nice to hear your voice Saturday night. Glad you have escaped having
a cold this time. Take care. I got your little letter Monday and your nice one not until
Tuesday, although you wrote it Friday night, but it was postmarked until December 12, which
was Sunday. Terrible mails.

I am 100% again as are all of us. Helen had a bad cold the week after you were down and
before I got the grippe; she was in bed a couple of days. But we are all fine again now.
Am going to stay that way!

Haven't seen or heard from Uncle Jack. Going to call him today I guess for lunch or
dinner soon. Noon hours I am trying to finish up my shopping. Addressed cards Sunday
night and did up all the presents I had bought Tuesday night. Bought more cards on 8th
street last night and have four more presents to get and do up. Am planning to take a
long lunch hour this noon and complete my shopping. Thanks for sending the two addresses.
And I had decided after writing to you to get Aunt Lucy something.

I looked at fur coats in Bloomingdales the other noon when I went up there on an errand
for my boss. Am going to look again this noon. I believe the buying of a fur coat is quite
a job. I don't know one fur from another or whether it is good fur. And I believe prices
are so much higher than they used to be. I guess you know more about them than I do. If
we see one that is nice, I would really like to get it. I sent for $100 from my savings in
Amherst and got the check yesterday; am going to put it in my checking account today. Hope
that will take care of any initial payment.

Thanks for sending along Fred's letter. Isn't that the first that was censored? I guess
he isn't doing them any more. Wish he would hurry up and get settied in whatever it is
he is going to do. I dashed him off a V-mail yesterday but must write him a long letter
first time I get.

Last Saturday was the usual marketing and cleaning. Sunday went to church up at Helen's
church--a very nice place and nice minister. Had roast beef for dinner! Hat & I went in
the afternoon up to St. Thomas' to hear the Messiah. Very lovely. Wrote cards in the
evening.


I got the bright idea to this year take Aunt Corrie's present over to her! Planned to go
last Saturday. Called up Friday night. Mrs. Muir was going to NY Saturday and after much
consultation with Corrie asked if I could come this Saturday instead. So at last I'm
going over there. It is shameful beyond words that I haven't been and I don't know what
kind of reception I'll get but I guess she will be glad to see me. Will-take a noon
train over, getting there about 2. Mrs. Muir gave me bus directions to her house from
the station.

The girls loved the box you sent. It looked so pretty and you were so cute to do all
that. They are going to write and thank you. We have several "community" letters to
write and it is just a case of getting around to them. We each opened a package and
made quite a ceremony of it. It came Tuesday night, Dec. 7, when Reeve was down for
dinner before the Serkin concert, which was just as grand as all his concerts. We
opened the packages that night.

Sunday night we three are going to a reading of Dickens' Christmas Carol by Dr. Speers,
the minister of Helen's Central Presbyterian Church, to be held at his house, the Manse.
It ought to be very nice. There is a USO Barnard Club party too that night but we
chose the former instead.

Must go now. This will be mailed at 11:30. Hope you get it for the weekend.

Be a good girl — All my love,
Julia


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.N.
DEC 10
430 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts
