July 11, 1943

Dear Mother;

I am at last out of my previous job and am now doing
work that is interesting and that I like. The other day I was
called out and after packing came to a rather large city which
you perhaps know from my previous correspondence. It was not
entirely out of the blue however as I had done a bit of scouting
around and pulled a few threads. I attribute my change to
perseverence, good luck and the old Army standard of being around
when there is an opening. I am now out of Ordnance and back
into the work I did in New York. There are of course many different
circumstance and the actual work is somewhat different due to
the situation. The work is interesting, vital, and as usual
takes up all my time and gives me odd hours. I like it though and
consider myself very fortunate; not only am I out of training troops
but back into my first choice for work.

Let me continue a bit further. Due to developements
which took place yesterday my boss was called and left me in
charge of the office here. It is really bigger than I should have
as I have been here only two days. But the war demands it and
I can only carry on as best as I can. A lot can go wrong and I
may find myself out in the cold. On the other hand things might
break so that even bigger opportunities will arise. I don't
really know. The one hitch is that I have my commission in
Ordiance and as yet the Ordnance haven't relinquished their hold
on me. I am being loaned. However if the situation is right I
hope to do something about that soon. Very seldom do I bubble
over with enthusiasm but right now I am very happy and if I can
carry the job satisfactorily it will mean a really big thing for
me. ( I hope) You know things can go off the track quickly in the
Army; not always due to anybody's fault but just because it is the
Army.

I am now living in a hotel in town. It isn't much,
third grade French. Very small room, something about the size
of my room in Boston. It is different though and open onto a
balcony (incidentally the only opening) which by way of a few
knocked down buildings has a view of the Mediterranean. Other
Officers live there but I have no chance to make more than a
nodding acquaintance with them as I am on the go all the time.
Everybody around here works all the time as there is a big job to
be done and also because there is really very little to do in 
the evenings. Everything closes down at eight o'clock.

I am now about to rent an apartment. They are very
hard to get but I had a lucky break and believe I can get one for
twenty dollars a month which is pretty cheap. It has a bed-room,
livingroom, small kitchen and toilet. I will tell you more about
it when I move in. It will come furnished. I know that as soon as
I move in I will have to leave this area but I will take the chance
anyway.

Due to moving my mail is again being held up and as
a matter of fact I have forgotten exactly which letter I
received last. I am now in my office and the letters are in
ih room. I haven't as yet received a letter from stating
that you had received any of my letters. You can use my
new address and try a V-mail

It is getting very hot around here now although a
breeze blows occassionally form the sea. It is terrific
inland.

I wish I knew what you wated to hear about but from
now on I hope to be near a typewriter and I will write
longer letters. This one is short because it is late and
I am tired.

Best of love to you and bird.
F

My address now is:

Lt. W.F. Bachelder 0-1554852
Law Enforcement Group, CID
A.P.O. 600
%Postmaster New York.

PS This is an English typewriter so please excuse the
pound signs instead of period between W and F.

Lt. W.F. Bachelder 0-1554852
Law Enforcement Group, CID
A.P.O. 600
%Postmaster New York.

U.S. ARMY POSTAL SERVICE
A.P.O
600
JUL 14

JULY 11
JULY 26

Mrs. W.F Bachelder
2 Harvard St.
Holyoke,
Massachusetts