Monday
May 3, 1943

Dear Moms:
Many thanks for your nice letter received Saturday morning; also for sending
Fred's, which I am returning. Am wondering how long he) will be at that camp.
It certainly sounds to me like a jumping off place for overseas. Time will
tell, if he should go over, all we can do is hope for the best and realize
that he wanted to go.

How nice that you are making some money once again! And have the Rands’ back,
to boot! They were so nice. I hope you like the second couple as well. I
only hope Mrs. Rand keeps healthy this time, though. I guess you're glad to
have some people in the house once again. Hope they stay for a while, at least.

I also got an invitation to Sylvia's wedding. Would like to come home for it
and would come home that weekend instead of over the holiday if I had somewhere
to go for the long weekend. Don't think I want to stay here for the three days
when I could come home. So, at this writing, I guess  will forego the Knowlton
wedding. However, if it looks as though they might restrict train travel over
Memorial Day, will come home for the 15th instead. Will hold off answering the
invitation a little while. What are your thoughts on the subject? I haven't
bought either her's or Alice's present yet but am going to do so this week.

After my nice rest at home last weekend, I was full of pep and feeling fine all
last week; was very efficient here at the office, etc. Friday night I went to
a stupid USO party with Harriet & Helen. Saturday was a gorgeous day, although
cool and quite windy. I spent most of the day uptown shopping for Dot but had
lots of fun doing it. All the little dresses I looked at for Ann were so darling
it was terribly hard to know which ones to pick. But I picked three for her, two
dresses for Dot, and a little blue wash suit for Jon. Sent them all to her in
two packages this noon. If she doesn't want any one of them, she can return them.
I also bought a tablecloth with four napkins for apartment when we have
company and the darlingest little hurricane lamp with a candle for a centerpiece.
It's just about time we got dolled up a little. I also bought (out of house money)
a gay chintz bedspread for my bed. Have had nothing on it all winter but the old
green blanket. The white spread you sent was much too big and got too dirty easily.
I have had it laundered and will send it up to you one of these davs.

Saturday evening, my roommates all went to the movies. I wasn't in the mood, so I
worked all evening. Cleaned my bedroom, washed some winter nighties, and packed
winter dresses in the laundry case to send home shortly. When you get it (I plan
to send it sometime this week) it might be a good idea to put the things out on
the line in the sun. I guess they need an airing. Then I will put them away when
I am home.

Sunday Jean and I were alone. We went up to the Cathedral of St. John's. And
in the midst of the sermon, we had a test air raid, only I think most people
there thought it was the real thing. I even got scared myself at first. Anyway,
it was announced that we were to take our hymnals and Sing "Onward Christian
Soldiers" and all file out and downstairs to the crypt, which we did without a
hitch, the choir and priests leading the way, with the cross & candies. The
whole thing was very solemn and too impressive. They continued with the sermon
end the communion service down under. Quite an experience.

We had dinner at home. I made a nice prune whip with nuts in it and put it in
the oven and baked it. Yum, Yum! Rested & puttered around in the afternoon and
went to a USO party at the Barnard Club in the evening. Not too exciting this
time.

I guess I didn't tell you about having dinner with Eleanor Caswell and her
husband, and doctor and lieutenant in the Navy. They have a very attractive
apartment on E.68 St between 2nd & 1st avenues. They have quite a large
living room with fireplace, nice bedroom and tiny kitchen, all very attractively
furnished — oriental rugs, green painted walls, gay yellow slip covers in the
livingroom and nice mahogany furniture in the bedroom. Her husband is very
nice. Had a very easy supper —— tomato soup, lamb chops, baked potatoes, string
beans & grapefruit. All served very nicely, however. Afterwards, while it was
still light we took a waik over around the hospital grounds where he is stationed.

Nothing special planned for this week. This is the week Alice said she was
coming down so I will probably see her some day for lunch if she doesn't spend
the night with us. Must write to Dot now and give her a detailed account of
the purchases, so will close until the next time.

Heaps of love,
Julia 


Wednesday, May 5, 1943

Dear Mom:

Tomorrow morning I'm going to mail the laundry case, with a little package
in it for you for Sunday. Please do not open it until then. I am going to
try to find some ribbon to do it up prettily with but if I can't, please
excuse it. And don't think I've gone completely nutty when vou see what
the present is, although perhaps I have. But I bought two wedding presents
yesterday, so was in the mood. I even went so far as to buy what I bought
for you, only different, for the apartment. I started looking for these for
the wedding presents, but didn't get them. For Alice I got a pair of heavy,clear
crystal combination flower bowl and candle holder. For Sylvia I got a pair of
small crystal vases that can be used for flowers or cigarette holders. They
are very pretty little things. I got both presents at Black, Starr & Gorham.
They have such pretty things in there and not too expensive either.

Uncle Jack called me up the other night but I wasn't home. Called up last
night but he had gone on a trip to Permsylvania.

Am enclosing enclosing clippings about the practise air raid last Sunday. I
guess I was in a pretty dramatic spot at the time. Would you send the one
about St. John's back because Jean would like to send it to her people.

If you don't want to go to Sylvia's wedding and I don't came home for it, why
don't you come down here for that weekend and as long as you like? Now that
you have someone in the house, you wouldn't have to shut it up and they can
take care of Sandy. Also, you ought to come before it would be too hot and
I want you to see the apartment. At last my little back room is beginning to
look like something, with the new spread and Monday night we made a pretty
green cover for the trunk. We are only about six months late in getting it
in order. Please think about this coming down and I think it would be nice
for you if you did. And you ought to take a few days off before the hot
weather comes.

This is a beautiful spring day. Will be busy at the office the rest of the
week as there is a meeting here on Friday. Will close now and send

Best love, as ever,
Julia 

am doing something with Hildegarde tomorrow night.


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
MAY 5
3-PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts