Mrs. W.F Bachelder
2 Harvard St.,
Holyoke,
Massachusetts

Lt. W.F. Bachelder
(Sender's name)
Law Enforcement Group, MBS, CIB
(Sender's address)
APO 600, Postmaster. N.Y.

Dear Mother;
Day before yesterday I received your letter written on July 26 which was
really setting a record. That is about as fast as I have ever heard of. There are no
doubt many of your letters that are lost in the shuffle somewhere in between.
I also received your letter numbered twelve the same day. That is the V-mail letter, the
one with the picture has not yet arrived. I guess there is no doubt about the V-mail
being the fastest method. Some fo the boys use airmail but I don't think it necessarily
goes airmail and if it doesn't it goes as slowly as regular mail.

Things are going along here about the same as usual. Life is pretty dull,
there not being anything to do except a lot of work. I don't go around very much
with other officers as they don't work anywhere near me and everybody seems to have a
different schedule of time-off. A new officers club has just opened up which is run
directly by the Army. It is in a very nice spot but like everything else it is always
crowded, mainly with transient officers. Its a nice place to drop. into every now and
then but not for any length of time.

I mentioned an apartment in a previous letter. Well it seems that the
person from I was going to rent it was sent to Algiers but he stayed there only
two days and then was sent back. Unfortunately I hadn't moved in and and circumstances
were such that I couldn't do anything but give up the idea. I am looking for one
but they are hard to get and so far I haven't had any luck. I may move into a room
int the apartment of a French family ( which I must say is falling a little behind) and perhaps
have a little more 'home' life. This one I kenw of has a piano and perhaps I can
sharpen up a bit. However the room is sort of dingy and there is only a cold water
bath. My hotel has a cold water shower which is somewhat of a luxury in these parts.

For the last two days the weather has been very disagreeable. It has
gotten extremely muggy and damp. I understand that this is the worst month of the
year for heat. It will probably rain twice this months and then increase until
January when it rains everyday.

I would like to go swimming this after-noon but can't seem to get a Jeep
as I think I will go to a movie. 'White Savage' or something. Anywya it will be a change.

Well, Mother, I hope everything is going along ok and my thoughts are
with you. Love to bird and yourself.

Fred

WAR & NAVY
DEPARTMENTS
V-MAIL SERVICE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

NEW YORK, N.Y.
AUG 17
9 AM
1943

Written [?] 8
Rec'd " 18