Tuesday Noontime
June 1, 1943

Dearest Mom:

Back again, and what a rainy day! It was just pouring guns when I got to town
and I guess it will keep raining all day. Well, we had such nice weather over
the weekend that I guess nobody can complain.

What a delight it was to travel for a change when it wasn't so crowded! Had a
seat to myself all the way to New Haven. Very shortly after getting on the train
in Springfield I went for some breakfast. They had the Grill car on, not the diner,
so no pancakes. I surely could have gotten some on the diner, I think, and was so
disappointed as I had been looking forward to some. The only fruit they had was
orange juice, so I had another glass—then scrambled eggs, a few fried potatoes,
toast and jelly and one cup of coffee. All right, but nothing extra. It is a nice
little car, all decorated, with girls in uniforms. There were eight men in the car
eating with me. I finished eating just on leaving Hartford and lots more people
came in then.

A man in the diner gave me his Springfieid Union so I read that and then snoozed
the rest of the way down. It started to rain. The sun never came out at all.
We got in about 9:30, only five minutes late. What a crowd trying to get taxis!
I finally exerted a little push and got in with some other people headed for
Rockefeller Center. If I hadn't, I would have been there yet.

Mr. Carter came in at noon. He didn't say anything about his eye, so I guess
I'll learn about it only by degrees -- or he may tell me when he gets around to
it, you know these New Englanders. Perhaps there isn't much that can be done,
for he might have said something if the news was good. On the other hand, he
might not have. I do know that he didn't go home from the clinic until Sunday
night.

It has been getting damper and stickier by the minute this afternoon. The rain
has stopped and the sun is trying to come out. Harriet's boss at the library, a
Mrs. Campbell, is coming for dinner tonight. Other than that, no plans for this
week. Will write again subsequently. I enjoyed being home so much and am sure
the rest and outdoor air and sun did me lots of good. And again many thanks for
taking me to the train so early this morning. It was such an easier ride than
it would have been last night.

Packs of love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JUN 1
10PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts