COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.

Monday Afternoon
March 8, 1943

Dearest Mom:

Mr. Carter is away for all day today on business and I don't feel like
working, so thought I'd write to you instead -—-— a much more enjoyable
task.

Many thanks for your letter received Friday. It was about a week or so
since I had heard from you and if I hadn't heard by Saturday, I was going
to call; thought perhaps you were sick again, but glad to hear otherwise.
Hope you have been out by this time, although the weather certainly hasn't
been very nice. We had a snowstorm all day last Wednesday, too. I never
saw it blow so hard and fast down here. However, it cleared off later in
the afternoon and the sun came out. Saturday was another nice day — a
real nice pretty snowstorm in the morning, but it turned to rain in the
afternoon and I never saw it rain harder than it did around five o'clock.
And, as the streets were all covered with snow, the water couldn't run off
and there were great lakes all over the sidewalks and streets.

Saturday morning at 11 I had a shampoo at a place up here, then after some
lunch, I came up here and worked from 12:30 to 5:15. Mr. Carter came in
and another man was here and we worked hard getting material together for
the meeting Mr. Carter went to today. We had a radio going in here and
heard part of the opera, so it wasn't so bad. Anyway, I will get about
$5.00 for overtime work for it, which isn't bad, either.

Was home all day yesterday, washing and cleaning. Nothing exciting seems
to be coming our way just at present, but that's all right for a while.

On my way uptown Saturday morning on the 5th Ave. bus, all traffic was
stopped at 34th street while police cars and private limosines whizzed by
with Mme. ChaingKai Shek and her party were on their way to the station.
They went so fast that I wasn't able to see her. However, this morning,
I got a real thrill, all by myself. As I approached the elevator to come
up to work, a man did likewise, stepping aside for me to enter first, and
who should be be but my good friend Wendell Wilkie! I'm positive it was
he, but no one else in the elevator seemed to recognize him. I was just
thrilled and could hardly keep from being impolite and starring. I think
he is so wonderful. Having studied so many pictures of him, I recognized
the dent in his chin and mole on his face, even if he did wear glasses
and hat pulled down to keep from being recognized.

Will do your shopping for you when I receive the slip. Glad you have
decided against any more offices until the weather warms up some. Glad
you called Mrs. Wilmot. Hope she will make a success of her shop.

I don't see how your Federal Income tax is lower this year than last,
even if your income was less; they have raised the rates so. Mine is
5 times what I paid last year; am paying it quarterly.

Too bad about all the Mackintosh trouble; they seem to have had a lot, in
one way or another. This business of the boys being missing in action is
no fun.

Wednesdsy night I am going to have dinner at Milbank with Hildegarde and
then we are going over to call on Dottie Ewing and Eleanor Bradley. She
knows them because they are friends of Bert's and he asked them to look
Hildegarde up. She has heard from lots of his friends —- quite different
from my brother!

My curiosity got the better of my and I have just looked up the spelling
of the name of the First Lady of China —- Madame Chiang Kai-shek. Please
overlook that first attempt of mine.

Thank you for sending Fred's letter, which I am returning herewith. TI
enjoy hearing how he is getting along and what he is doing. Can't imagine
why he should be chosen to do such technical enginéering work. Will look
forward to seeing him down here the first part of April; hope he will be
able to set home for a day or so. Jim seems to be getting quite a lot of
time off. Wasn't he just home a short time ago?

If I don't come up again this coming weekend, am planning to do so on the
19th. How's that? Do you think you will want to come down here for
Easter, and if so, go to "Parsifal" on Good Friday? If so, I should get
tickets about now. I think the opera is the most popular thing in New York.

Will stop now, to continue next time. Be a good girl and don't work too
hard.

Heaps of love as always,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
MAR 8
830 PM
1943

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts