Monday Morning
May 10, 1943

Dear Momsie:

What beautiful weekend weather we had down here! Saturday was frightfully
hot, but glorious sun; yesterday was cool enough for a coat, but beautiful
clear weather.

Saturday I got out my blue dotted suit and wore it. I was hot even so, but
most people had suits and topcoats on, even tho it was a hot summer day,
really too hot. Gertainly glad it didn't last. I went over to Harriet's
library in Brooklyn, met her there. We got a bit of lunch and then went
to the Botanical Gardens, walked around and sat in the sun. It was perfectly 
beautiful there, with all the flowering trees. It was so nice to
see that there is such a thing as Spring. After supper we took the ferry
boat ride to Statent Island. It was cloudy and rained part of the time,
but the ride is always nice.

Yesterday I went to Brooklyn to church with Jean, to a church where her
Carroll used to go when he lived there. It is a very old Presbyterian
church, with a very good minister and preacher. It is on Henry Street,
near Clark street. Didn't your branch of the Schniewind family live on
Henry Street at one time? Beautiful old houses there. A short walk from
the church is a nice view of the river and the New York skyline. We also
went into the St. George Hotel and saw the swimming pool there.

In the afternoon didn't do much. I took a walk around the Village. Went
in two very old EpiscopCl churches —- St. Luke's Chapel, a part of Trinity
Parish, and St. John's Church. In the evening did some sewing on a cover
for an orange crate for my room.

Are you planning to come down the end of this week? I hope so. Am looking
forward to my next letter from you saying "Yes". It would be such a nice
change for you.

Due to the hot weather on Saturday, I was going to ask you to go into my
box of summer clothes and send me some things but guess I can wait two
weeks until I am home, and it will be easier for me to do it then.

Called up Uncle Jack again last night but he was out at the Terrill's in
Port Jefferson, I guess it is, for the weekend. From what Mrs. Fiedler
said, I guess he will put the "Snowind" over this year again. I hope so,
for it will be nice for weekends this summer

Have talked with Pam, and I guess you have had the latest news from Fred,
as neither she nor I have heard from him. I suppose there still might be
a chance of his showing up within the next few days —— the Army does such
queer things. Then again, he may be on his way —- Time will tell.


I got a nice letter from Woof this morning, thanking me for the wedding
present I sent her. Sounded as though she iiked it. I hope so. I
think it was a little different from anything else she might get.

I suppose it's really too bad that neither of us will go to Sylvia's
wedding. I hope they won't be hurt, but it really can't be helped. I
can see your point. You could wear your blue coat all right, but I guess
you don't have a right dress for such an occasion. You ought sometime to
buy a long dress, very conservative, that you could wear summer or winter,
for just such occasions. They do come up every now and then. And I can't
come up so many weekends in a row. So perhaps if you are down here, it
will let us out nicely. I hope you are coming.

Will close now and mail this off to you. It is cloudy and rainy part of
the time here today, somewhat damp and cool.

All my love, as always,
Julia


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.Mirs. W. F. Bachelder

NEW YORK, N.Y.
MAY 10
530 PM
1943

Mrs. W. F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts