Tuesday Morning
September 7, 1943

Dear Mom:
Back safely, thank goodness, after quite a weekend. Wasn't that train wreck
terrible! If I had heard about it before I left Boston, I probably wouldn't
have come back. One never knows.

It is terrifically hot here again today and this inside office is something
fierce. The weather over the weekend wasn't good either. It was cloudy and
sticky and warm, hot yesterday. We had a little sun Sunday morning and yesterday
noon but that was all.

The train Friday night was just jammed, people standing in the aisles. But
they all got off in Providence, and the car was practically empty after that.
Helen & I got to the station early enough to get seats together but the people
swarmed on so fast that the best we could do was across the aisle from each
other. I sat with a sailor who was most interesting and a very nice fellow.
We had sandwiches for our supper that Helen made before she left. We had
quite a long time on the train as the engine broke down just short of Boston
and we sat for 50 minutes until they got another engine to push us the rest
of the way. Instead of getting into South Station at 10;40, it was 20 minutes
past 12! Helen called up her mother who drove in for us, so it was quite late
when we got to bed.

Saturday went down town with Helen. Had lunch at home and then Mrs. Murray
had to drive into Boston, so Helen & I and her sister, Anne, stopped off at
a roller skating rink on the way and she picked us up on the return trip.
It was lots of fun. Helen, Anne, Harriet (Quimby) and I went into Boston for
supper at the Union Oyster House and to a movie, but Anne got sick, so we had
to leave and come home early. It was a stomach upset and she was in bed all
day Sunday but all right Monday. Helen & I went to church, had a nice dinner
at home, rested & looked at pictures in the afternoon then went to the movies
in Winchester early with a pickup supper afterwards. Monday morning we just
hung around, after lunch were outdoors and Hat & I took the 3:25 train from
Winchester and 5 train to NY. It was a long train and crowded and hot, but
we got back all right. Margie came back from her weekend with her engagement
ring.

The Murrays are very nice people and it was lots of fun to be visiting for a
change. They are about like us, circumstantially. Their house is very nice,
smaller in space than ours, but nice wallpaper! They have a Jennie about the
same type as Emma, good cook, but not much style. It was certainly nice to
be waited on at table and not have to get the meals or wash up!

I have plenty of work to do here again today but wanted to dash off these
few lines to you. Hope I will get a letter from you sometime this week. I
am planning to come home the 17th if that is all right with you. Hope your
back is better now and that you have gotten the letter I wrote you Friday,
also the hairnets.

Heaps of love as ever,
Julia


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts

NEW YORK, N.Y.
SEP 7
130 PM
1943