May 18, 1944

Dear Mother:

I have at last been moved out into the country and have
started to reap the benefits of fresh air, sunshine etc. already. I am
now located a bit further from town but really not much. Our camp is in
a pine grove on sort of a knoll. It is cool, shady and there is a fine
view from all sides. The camp is essentially British but our small section
is gradually growing. It is not very large all together and we officers
eat at the British mess and live all in the same area. My own room is a
xxx small little thing but newly painted and is on the ground floor.
The door leads out onto a cement area which was the place where tables
and chairs used to be located. For you see the only permanent building in
camp is a small little place which used to be a sort of tavern or inn.
It is of course taken over completely but the surroundings are still attractive.
I am very glad that I changed and as a matter of fact had to sort of
push the thing a bit in order to do it. Now that I am out here I kick
myself that I din't come out earlier. The food is actually rotten as the
British seemed to have forgotten how to cook or at least so in the
Army. However our own enlisted men eat very well and occasionally we
have a chance to eat in our own mess which is very good. However as
a matter of courtesy we all eat together.

There are though many attractive feature to being so British. One is
of course the tea-time habit. Each morning about seven I am aroused by
our 'batman' bringing in a cup of tea. It is rather strange but gradually
I am getting used to it and will probably miss it each morning if I had
to moves. Then there is tea about eleven in the morning if you want. Of
course tea about four-thirty in the after-noon. There are only eight
officers all together so we have a pretty good time.


I can't tell you much about the work but it is interesting. It is not
quite so much at the key of things as before but I made up my mind that I
rather have pleasant surroundings, good health and nerves and a cool place
to work than be at headquarters with all the high rank, confusion and such.
I've tried them both and find this much the best. I'll write more
about it when I have been here longer. This is only my third day.

I have been having trouble with my teeth again. I had one wisdom
tooth out and will have another out soon. There was no trouble at all
with the actuall extraction. My bridge gave me trouble and that was taken
out and it proved that that was largely the source of irritation. I guess
now things will be ok.

So far I haven't received the package and will let you know when I
do. I had a pretty short hair cut the other day and really don't need the
hair tonic right now although by the time you receive this letter I Hope
it will have grown in a bit.

Sorry to hear about your neuritis, I hove that a little sunshine
will do the trick.

Now that I have more time to myself and better facilities for
writing personal letters I hope to catch up on a bit of correspondence
and perhaps I will write a letter to somebody (am wondering who the somebody is)

Love,
F

Lt. W.F. Bachelder
2677 Hq. Co. OSS
APO 512, N.Y.

U.S. ARMY POSTAL SERVICE
512
MAY
20
1944
A.P.O

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.,
Holyoke,
Massachusetts