Novmber 9, 1944

Dear Mother,

I am now on the Mediterranean. It is blue, calm
and the sun shines warm and peaceful. We have been out several days
now and are about to end the trip. I believe that I have enjoyed
this boat ride more than any other. We are on a merchant ship, British,
with our own men and equipment. There are just three of us officers
and we are living, sleeping, eating in the shops officers lounge.
It is very comfartable. Our kitchen truck is located on deck and
the food is excellent. There is nothing to do but lie in the sun,
watch the water and get healthy. I had the choice of flying or
going by boat and I am glad that I took the water trip. This is the
first time that I haven't in the least felt the rocking of the boat.
I will be sorry to leave it. The weather has been wonderful and
quite a change from the rainy weather we had back in N. Africa.

Actually I am glad to be out of Africa. We put in a lot of
work getting things ready to go and most of it was done in the
pouring rain but now that we are all set I am glad. I presume I
will never see the coutry again and really don't care. Probably we
won't have quite as nice a set up where we are going but the change of 
scenery will be good.

Just before we left received Christmas package no.1. 
I imagine that I will receive the others as my address will for a
while at least be the same.

We have been receiving the elction news over the radio 
and I suppose everybody is happy. How did the state elections
come out. I voted some weeks ago and suppose that my ballot
arrived all right.

Now that you noticed my promotion I will say that it
has been effective since September although I didn't know it
for quite a while. It seems that I am always in a place out of 
the regular channels of communication and learn those things late.

Well I can think of little else to say except that I
am fine, wish you all the best and close

with love,
Fred

P.S. I could use a fruit cake if there was one hanging around.

Lt. W.F. Bachelder
26677 Reg't OSS (Prov)
APO 534, N.Y.

U.S. ARMY POSTAL SERVICE
0[?]
NOV
15
1944
A.P.O

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke,
Massachusetts