Monday Evening

Dearest Moms:

Am very busy at work these days and as I didn't have a chance to
write to you today, am going to take my pen in hand to tell you
about my very gay weekend. It was about the gayest I’ve had since
I've been in New York - and all do to sweet Mrs. Reed!

I'll go back to Friday evening when it was so nice to talk with you,
dear. Then I washed my hair and got all cleaned up. Got up around
8:30 Saturday,took my time getting dressed and left to go up tohe
office at 10, after hearing the last movement of Beethoven's 9th, the
grand choral finale we have on the vic. Worked hard from 10:15 to
12:15 and got a lot done. Then I walked down to the Biltmore, but
was 15 minutes late, felt very ashamed. Mrs. Reed was waiting for
me and we had lunch there in the small dining room of the Women's
University Club--a nice luncheon,, but not very much of it and I was
hungry in the middle of the afternoon. Remind me to rave to you
when I see you about the hat Mrs. Reed had on--bright scarlet velevt,
with little feathers of the same color on it--simply stunning on her
white hair and with an all black dress and Persian lamb coat. She
looked lovely and is so nice,although quite a talker. We took a cab
over to the Opera House--I paid the fare! she has grand seats, in
the balcony (next to the top layer) but first row, right in the center.
Just perfect. I enjoyed the opera immensley--perhaps it was because
I had seen it so recently. Think I liked it better than I did three
weeks ago. I didn't tell her I had just seen it, for one can always
see a thing like that any number of times. During each intermission,
we got up and walked around and had an awfully nice time. The place
was just packed. Afterwards, we walked over to 5th avenue & I put
her on an uptown bus & I took one down home.

The girls had a very nice supper, after which we listened to the
symphony and then went out for a walk and some refreshements later
in the evening. I was still dressed up and felt very festive. The
girls didn’t know Sunday was my birthday, but finally got a confession
of it out of me. They knew it was sometime around now. Sunday morning
I didn't have to take Helen's Sunday school class an she didn't go
away. She had left, as usual & Hat & I had breakfast together. When
I joined her, I found at my place a card from her with a pretty hankie
in it--so nice of her. Helen is going to take me out to dinner on
Thursday for a birthday celebration. I'm going to meet her & Hat over
in Brooklyn at what is supposed to be an unusually nice place--Sear's.

Sunday went alone up to St. Thomas’. It was perfectly beautiful there.
Took communion. Came home on the bus. As Hat & I were alone for
dinner, we had planned to go out, to Peter's Backyard for their 85¢
Sunday dinner before 3 o'clock. But that was in pre-war days, we
found out, much to our misery, as we had to pay $1.50 each, but it
was fun for a change, although the food wasn't anything to rave about.

While I was at church, Mrs. Reed called me & I was to call her back.
Couldn't imagine what she wanted. She wanted me to join her and Mr.
Reed for dinner at 6 on Sunday at the Lafayette, over on University
Place here in the Village--one of the best and most famous eating
places in New York! An Army pilot friend of Elinor's and her husband's
was in town and they wanted me to join them. So, Sunday
afternoon, I took a short rest & fixed my fingernails & got all
beautiful. I wore the same dress I wore Saturday, but I guess it
didn't matter--my best black silk with the green--more dressy than


the new wool one I bought, and it looks very well on me, I think.
I wore a different hat, though, more dressy--a little black cap, with
black sequins & a veil-Margie's. It Tooke lovely with my hair.

I walked over to the Lafayette & as I came down the street I saw the
Reeds going in, so I did better than on Saturday on the meeting end
of it. Mr. Reed is so nice--I thought of you -and how you have wanted
to meet him and of how jealous of me you would have been had you
known! Price means nothing to him. We had cocktails, wine with the
dinner, and special things to eat not on the menu. It is Mr. Reed's
favorite eating place and they know him there. The Lt., Ralph Benz,
was from Txxxx Tuscon & grew up with Elinor's husband. Mrs. Reed
had met him when she was in Sacremento. He was a very nice chap.

We finished eating a little before 8:50. When we went out Mr. Reed
ushered us all in a taxi, and told the driver simply to go north, then
to go up 6th avenue. He had something up his sleeve, you could tell,
but even Mrs. Reed didn't know what it was. She had told me on the
side, so cutely, that she & Mr. Reed were going home after dinner &
Ralph & I were to "do the town". But Mr. Reed was headed for Radio
City, it turned out. Ralph had never pefore been to New York & Mr.
Reed thought he ought to see the Rockettes. Think Mr. Reed wanted
to see the Rockettes, himself! Anyhow, he asked the cab driver to
"linger" in front of the theater while he went in--to come out with
4 seats in the reserved section! So we all went to the movies. It
was "Jane Eyre", verygood. The stage show was exceptionally good
this time, too. A beautiful ballet, and a trained seal and other
features. We saw the complete show, all but a bit of the first
part of the picture.

We walked down & watched them skate & then out to 5th avenue, where
the Reeds took a cab home. Then it was up to me! Gosh! said I to
myself. Ralph didn't know where to go and there were so many things
we could have done and not being too familiar with all the night
spots myself, I was a bit at sea for a minute. But I mastered the
situation & suggested we go down to a Village night spot. Wanted
him to go to some place noted, so we went to Cafe Society Downtown,
right in Sheridan Square here. We took a cab down right to the door
of the club. It was a very nice place, colored “buggy-woogie" orchestra,
very good, with entertainment in the form of feature singers
and dancers, a piano player, etc. I think he liked it. I had a
very nice time. He walked me home & I driected him back to Sheridan
Square to pick up a cab to take him to a hotel uptown where he was
staying. He is stationed out at Mitchell Field, getting ready to
go overseas.

Perhaps you understand now what I meant when I said I had a "gay"
weekend! Quite something’for an old lady--and all in the “upper
bracket"--meaning good opera seats, expensive eating place, tooting
back & forth in cabs, etc.! Been feeling very lighthearted and gay
all day today, as a result. Also, practically every aria in the
opera has been running through my head--hearing it a third time, as
it were.

Just before I sat down to write, I called Pam and had a nice visit.
Her last letter from Fred was dated by him January 14th, which wasn't
too long ago. She said it was a very cheery-sounding letter, and
that he liked his work. It seems he has to go to an army post office
to mail letters and he doesn't get there very often, so possibly he
puts letters in his pockets and then forgets to mail them. I wouldn't
worry about him. Perhpas you have heard from him by the time you get
this anyhow. Pam said the other day Al Ward, Fred's pal that lived


nearby here with Earl Olson, phoned her. He has been in the Army down
near Baltimore and thought he was about due to go over seas. She guessed
he was still in Intellegence, but didn't know much more about his doings.

Got a nice birthday card today from both Helen & Alice.

It was such a sweet letter you wrote me for my birthday, dear. I
hope all is well with you. Perhpas if I can get monday, Feb. 21st,
off, if Carter should mention it to me, I will come home that weekend,
but don't feel I should ask for it as I've asked for so many days
recently.

Carter had quite a blow this weekend. With lots of fathers in the
office recently having been put in l-A, he thuught he had better look
into his situation and went to his draft board Saturday. Found he
would probably be called for induction in about a month! Quite a shock.
While I had thought he thought he couldn't pass the physical, he now
tells me his doctor says is is perfectly all right (save for one eye)
and would probably pass it. Poor man, he doesn't know what to do--
try to get a commission in Army, Navy, Merchant Marine, or wait for
the draft. He was quite upset today. We spent about an hour togethe
this afternoon just gabbing. It will be awful all around if he has
to go.

I guess I’ve written about enough for this time, don’t you? Margie
is eating her supper across the table from me and Helen has just come
in, so I’m somewhat distracted from now on I guess; besides, must bathe
and try to get to bed early tonight. Will dash out and mail this to
you tonight so you can get it as soon as the awful mails allow. Let
me hear from you again soon, dear, and take care.

All her love from your lovin' daughter,
Julia


J.B. Bachelder
115 Washington Place
New York, 14, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 8
7-AM
1944

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts