Monday Afternoon

January 10, 1944

Dear Mom:

I haven't got too much time this afternoon because I have quite a bit of work
here that ought to be done, but I will just dash you off a few lines to keep
you company, dear.

Tuesday Noon

Greetings again!

You see I didn't get very far yesterday, but hope to do better this time, as
it is now my lunch time and I am eating my sandwiches and drinking milk as I
write to you. Don't bring my lunch all the time, but we had roast lamb Sunday
and it's almost payday, meaning low funds until then, so I do this once in a
while. Am having lunch with Reeve tomorrow noon.

Thank you for your nice letter I received Saturday, enclosing the grand one
from Fred. I am going to keep it a little longer, if you don't mind, until I
write to him, which I hope will be soon again.

The laundry case came sometime last week but for some reason they wouldn't
leave it at the apartment and as the PO is way over almost to the Hudson River,
through a not so nice section, I had to wait until Saturday morning to go and
get it. Thanks a lot for sending it. The extra blanket is just what I need.
It was cold over the weekend and I was glad to have it.

Last Thursday night I washed my hair. Last Friday night didn't do anything.
Sat around until 9 and then the four of us went up to Times Square just for
the heck of it. We just felt like going somewhere. While walking around we
came to the place where they have out-of-town newspapers and I bought two
Transcripts - Wednesday's and Thursday's——both quite interesting —- about Donny
McIntosh & Billy Kessler's promotion. Each paper costs a nickle up there!
We stopped in at Schrafftt's and had a sundae. It was a cold night, too.

Saturday I was alone in the AM--washed, did some of the marketing, walked over
to get my laundry case (It wes very windy & cold going over there - glad I put
on my new coat - wear an old one out to the market). Cleaned after lunch &
then Helen, Hat & I went up to Radio City — grand stage show and "Madam Curie"
a fine movie, but we had to stand in line. It was late when we got out so we
ate supper at the Automat, but it wasn't bad.

Sunday was a beautiful clear but cold day. I went alone to the Church of the
Ascension, corner 10th st. & 5th Ave. Helen Had a friend for dinner and after
doing the dishes, about 3:30 we suddenly decided to go skating in Central
Park! At last! I could hardiy believe it when I went climbing up to the top
shelf in the kitchen for my skates after having had them here all this time and
not used them. We skated from 5 to after 6. It wasn't a bit crowded and the
ice wasn't bad at all. We went on a little pond near 5th ave & about 75th St.
There is a bigger one more in the middle of the park. It was lots of fun.


We had a nice supper of cocoa etc. and Sunday evening went over to call on
Mary Davenport. She is quite an interesting girl and is really doing something
with her singing. Her family called her up while we were there. Mary seemed
glad to see us and we had a nice visit. Will tell you about what she is doing
when I see you.

We have quite a week this week. Pam & Alice are coming for dinner, tonight so last
night I washed my pink table cloth, polished my salt & peppers & did a bit of
cleaning. I will get the supper but it is a very easy one - tomato juice, meat
balls, sweet potato puff, Birdseye beans, and the canned fig pudding with hard
sauce & coffee. Am looking forward to doing a bit of entertaining. Tomorrow
night we three are going to "Tennheauser"! Hope our seats are good--some are so
terrible there. Friday night the tickets we got for "Oklahoma" way back in
October come due.

I guess I told you last week I went up to see Cas & her husband—-baby due any
time after the) 15th. Didn't know what to get her, so put it off but she showed
me all the things she has—-everything except a nice bonnet,so I am going to get
a little white knitted one, come payday! We're all getting anxious to know
whether it is Susan or Stephen! They are both very nice people.

Wish Fred would say where he is. It can't be Cairo, as Pam thinks, though, as
the Germans never got there. Maybe she will have some newer information tonight.
Mr. Carter still has his "bug" in the form of a severe headache. He went to
the doctors this AM, so won't be in until after lunch.

Will get you some hairnets when I have some money, but you know I am running
pretty close these days, with putting $20 away each payday for my coat — but
it's worth it. I haven't enjoyed anything for a long time as I am my fur! coat.
Haven't seen Cap yet. What a man!

Hope you keep well, now, dearie. Take care. Am enclosing some ration points we
didn't use that have gone by, but thought you might be able to turn them in at
Howes.

My awful friend John Evans called me up Sunday night. He has another, job! right
in this building! Thank goodness it isn't at Compton's, or even in our bank of
elevators. He tried to get in here, you know. I guess he is not much good, he
is always changing jobs. Haven't run into him in the hall downstairs yet, but
will sometime, no doubt. He wanted me to say I'd have lunch with him sometime,
but I wouldn't. Aren't I terrible? He is such an ass!

Must stop now and go out and get some air & perhaps a bit of dessert. It is
warmer today. Be a good girl.

Lovingly,
Julia


Wednesday Morning

Dearest Mom:

Just in case you haven't gotten a letter from Fred that hasn't been censored as
to where he is -—- he is in Tunis. Pam brought over a couple of letters from him
last night-—-they were very interesting—-on the order of this one from you. He
said right in the letter-that he was in Tunis and also gave the address that was
cut out of your letter -- neither of them cut out at all--strange! The address
is

c/o The American Consul
Tunis
Tunisia

He is apparently living at the home of the American Vice-Consul there. We might
try sending letters there as well as to his regular address, although perhaps they
might not go through. He described plenty of signs of the devastations of war in
Tunis; getting mixed up in a parade for one of the local dignataries; the rest
was description of the house, animals, etc. such as in your letter. Guess he is
pretty well off for the present.

Pam and Alice enjoyed coming over, I think. We just sat around and talked;
listened to FDR. Perhaps I will be digging onions or riviting yet! Pam said
she liked better the picture of Fred that she has. She liked my coat too. She
said hers cost close to $900! It is a gorgeous thing, but would be too much of
a beautiful coat for me. I like mine best for me.

Mr. Carter will be in any minute and as I brought you up to date on all the
news in my yesterday's letter, will close this now. Just thought you might
be interested to know where the lad was. We go to the opera tonight and
Oklahoma Friday night. Think I had better write my Christmas thank you letters
Thursday night.

Lots of love,
Julia

Perhaps I might come home next weekend, the 22nd. How would that be?


COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JAN 12
1230 PM
1944

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts