October 25

Dear Mother;

Received your Air mail letter today. telling about
the two new officers. I certainly hope that the oil supply will
be eased this winter. If not perhaps you should close up and
go somewhere.

[CUT OUT/CENSORED]

that it is sort of dull and not very interesting country. Not
too far away though and actually it may make possible my being
allowed to come home. I am gradually working up some time overseas
and it is possible that an opportunity will arise. However there is
nothing actaully on the horizon.

The rains have started and things are very difficult
because of them. I suppose though that the Army's traditional
foe is mud and we are sure in the thick of it. The weather is
also getting colder. I am over my cold though now and feel pretty
well. There isn't much to do except work now. All my friends have
gone forward to one spot or another and I am sort of glad now to be
definitely lined up for a move. T don't actually care where as
North Africa is about finished as far as the military is concerned.

I had intened to send some flowers for Novemeber third
but the service has moved out so I can't do much more than send
a special amount of love and wish many happy returns.

Julia has written a couple of time recently and I enjoy
her letters. She is a fine letter writer and they always sound
cheerful and as though she was interested in her work. Yes, Nickie
is the French officer and the other girls are the English girls.
They aren't very good pictures of them but in any case neither was
as attractive as Nickie. I hope that you receive the box I sent
some weeks ago. Nothing much in it except that there are some
pictures or negatives which I think you will enjoy. Some of them
you will have to have printed. The arm band is one worn by the
French resistance groups in France after they came out in the open.
The picture of me sitting down on some rocks was taken at Carthage
near Tunis. They are actually some old Roman ruins. The baby and
man and wife are the Baziles with whom I lived in Oran. I wish that
you would have a print made of the best one with the three of them
if possible and send it to me so I can in turn for ward it to them.
They are very nice people and I am sure would appreciate a picture.

Mrs. Parker looks very attractive end pleasant.
Do you carry on correspondence all over the world with the various
officers?

Well, all my love to you and Sandy,
Fred

1st Lt. W.F. Bachelder
Company 'A', 2677 Reg't OSS
APO 534, N.Y.

Company 'B' 2677 Reg't OSS
APO 512 NEW YORK

U.S. ARMY POSTAL SERVICE
534
001
27
1944
A.P.P

Written
October 25
Received
Nov 6