AMERICAN RED CROSS ,
1 August

Dear Mother;
Received your letter this morning. Pretty
fast service I should say. Was indeed interested in
the fact that you have as you say ‘opened up shop'.
This time hewever it seems a little bit different.
I think thet my chances of coming home are very small
and it would be perfectly ok with me if the Burkes
used my room. Don't deny yourself any extra cash in
the slim hope that I might need the room.

Things are going along here in their usual
snail's pace manner. I don't really think that there is
anything very bad with me and it is apparently something
that is not unusual after having had hepitis. I may
be temporarily limited in the type of service that I can
perform, such as being limited to a desk job or most
certainly confined to the U.S. However I am not sure that
such a limitation would be advisable as it might interfere
with any discharge plans I might be able to scheme up.
The Army is hesitant to discharge anybody who might be
on the asking end of a law suit after some years have
passed. Perhaps my best method weuld be to get out of
here as quick as possible and then try another tack
for getting out of the Army. You must knew how hesitant
the Army is about letting officers out. It is damned
anoying and is a continual gripe asteng the officers.
As things stand now I am on a diet, resting, reading,
and wondering about the future. Such things get to be
routine after a wiile and the days slip pass.

Saw the movie 'GI Joe' the other day and it
reminded me of Italy. Also reminding me of Italy is the
terrific heat dom here. This weather is much more
uncomfortable than in Africa. There the heat was higher no
doubt, but the humidity was not so bad. It rains here
once every day and has broken some record or other


already.

I was sorry to hear about Doc Knowlton and it
reminds me of your warning that he should take it easy.
Such things as warnings are for other people, but of course
they don't apply to me. There is no need of a warning
for myself at the present time as the beunds of this
establishment are quite tight.

I will appreciate the slippers and the reading material
and will thank you again when they arrive.

It is apparent that some sort of plan worked out
so that you can make a trip to the Cape. I am very glad
and you should enjoy youself. Do what you want, don't worry
about me. Take a good look at the blue water and the
white sail boats. I would like to take a look for myself
but you can do it for me as well as anybody else.

Give my love to the shoe and tell her I might see
her in New York whem she gets back. I may be able te
take a running trip to the big city on some week-end.
It would however be on business. This business of
getting out of the Army. That is my main objective
right now. It may be changed very quickly though if a
good jeb should come along or if I run up against enough
brick walls. I guess I should be the son of an ex-presidemt.

Well, lets of love, thanx for the letter and have a
good time for yeurself,
F

BANQUE DE L'ALGIERE
8-2-1944
CINQ FRANCS

BANQUE DE L'ALGIERE 5

Lt. W.F. Bachelder
Regional Hospital, Ward #1
Ft. Belvoir, Virginia

FORT BELVOIR, V.A.
AUG 3
5-PM
1945

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
Rose Acres Inn, Cape Cod,
Chatham,
Massachusetts.