AMERICAN RED CROSS
23 July

Dear Mother;
I am now of all places in a hospital at Ft.
Belvoir Virginia. When I got back to Washington I
had an interview and then a physical examination. We
all had to have the same thing. However when I
told the doctor about my liver and my experience in Italy
he said I better go to a hospital for a check-up. That
I am now doing.

I only arrived here yesterday as I wanted a few days
to look around Washington and see the sight. So On
Saturday and Sunday I went to town, saw some of the places
of interest, had some fine sea-food dinners and now I
am here. It really isn't too bad although I wish I could
have gone to a alrger and possibly more acquainted
with hepititis hospital. I hope I won't have to stay here
long but of course everything in the Army that has to do
with medical things take a long time and I may be here
for a week or more. It really doesn't matter much as I
have now job and this only delays my final assignment.
I have no idea what they will find here. It may or may not
affect my final disposition.

This hospital is like all Army hospitals in the
states; made of one story wooden buildings and spread all
over five acres. I am in an officers ward and it is
airy and looks out on the woods. It is rather warm all
the time but that is to be expected in the summer. The
food is excellent and well served. Being an ambulatory
patient I go across the street and eat in the same mess
with the doctors. I can read during the day, and take it
easy. Of course it will get boring after a while but
it hasn't so far.

My interview by OSS was unrevealing as everything
depended whether or not I could be sent out of the
country and the doctor would not say yes until I had
been examined here. I don't think they will pass me for
overseas duty so don't worry.

Fred

FORM 539 A

There isn't much else to say as not much has happened
so far. Saw a movie tonight and ate some ice cream
sodas. A simple life and uncomplicated.

I will put my address on the envelope so please note
it carefully. Don't send anything of value as I don't
know how fast the miail service is nor how long I will
be here to receive it. But a letter would be welcome.

Love,

Lt. W.F.B
Regional Hospital
Fort Belvoir
Virginia
Ward #1

FORT BELVOIR
JULY 23
1030 AM
1945

Mrs. W F Bachelder
2 Harvard St
Holyoke,
Massachusetts