15 May
Received
23

Dear Mother;
I am still here in Italy, in the hospital, feeling
fine, getting out in the sun every after-noon, catching up on
some reading and at the same time getting well. As a matter of
fact I think I will be out in about two weeks. I improved greatly
this last week and the doc is confident. There is some blood test
or other and my count was once thirty-three now it is down to
thirteen and when it gets about eight and other things being ok
I will be able to leave. Rest, a fat-free diet is the only cure.
its a strange disease, Hepatitis, and there has been quite a lot
of it around. They don t know eactly how it is caught or started,
Several of our people have had it and now are ok. The only thing wrong
is that I had to get it just when things were breaking and I could
only lie down and hear it over the radio. But then I guess that
is just as well.

I suppose you are interested in the future. While I
cannot say definitely, I think I will be home within three months,
perhaps longer, perhaps much sooner, Whether I will stay in the Army
in the states until Japan is down, whether I will get out of the
Army, or whether I will go to the Pacific I cannot say. I don't
know. There is however little chance that I will go directly there
from here. You must understand though that everything can change
on a minutes. It might turn out that I would stay here in Europe
for a time and then come home for good. I doubt it though as it
is most probable that whatever I do, I will come home first, even if
it is to come back here later. Although the much publicized point
system does not apply directly to officers and particularly to our
organization, it is a factor of consideration and I have ninety
two points. However in any case, aside from this little set-back,
I am healthy and sound and for that we have much to be thankful
for. Its been a grim struggle and is now half way finished. If I
make the last half as well as the first I will consider myself
lucky.

We are now allowed to tell you where we are and were,
You probably know that I landed in Oran, went from there to Tunis,
then back to Algiers, from there to Bari, Italy, then up the
land to Florence. In the last city I made my headquarters but
travelled up along the Fifth Army front when it was facing the
so-called Gothic line in the rugged Appenines. About a month ago
I left Florence and came back to Cecina, a town south of Leghorn.
Now I am in a hospital right on the coast a few miles south of
Cecina. Soon I hope to be in America.

I cannot go into detail as to what I did. In the first
place it would be to involved and possibly misleading, secondly I
cannot say for security reasons everything. However you might be
interested in reading "Two Yanks Make an Army" in May ‘American
Magazine'. It will throw a little light on the subject.

Love to all,
Fred.

Lt. [?][?]
Co. C, 2677 Reg
APO 512, N.Y.

U.S. ARMY
MAY 15
1945
[??]75
9TH BPO

Written
May 15
Received
May 23rd

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard St.,
Holyoke,
Massachusetts