Tuesday Afternoon

Dear Moms:

Here we are in the midst of a cold rainly, damp "Northeaster" — which will
probably last 3 days, as they usually do. Had to get out a suit and some
stockings to wear today as I nearly froze yesterday.

Friday when I left work we had a very bad downpour and all the subways were
flooded. I got home all right but lots of people took 2 hours at it. Harriet
had to walk part way home and got soaked. We ate supper at home, although we
had planned to eat out. Then we took a cab up to the theater. It is a very
good play, altho a bit "riské". Margaret Sullivan, who used to play the lead,
was in the audience and we got a good look at her.

Saturday morning just lounged around. Mrs. Q. went with me while I did a bit
of shopping. We had lunch at home and then Hat & her mother left shortly after
2 for Nyack, NY, where they have relatives. They spent the might there and
got back Sunday evening. Yesterday morning Hat took Mrs. Q. to Macy's and
Wanamakers. Mrs. Q. took me to supper at the Waverly Inn (Hat had to work),
and after she & I walked down Greenwich Ave. & looked in antique shops. This
morning they were going to look around Radio City and Mrs. Q. goes home this
noon on a 1 or 2 o'clock train. She is a very nice woman and I hope, and think
she had a nice time.

Sat. afternoon after Work Fred came in to look over his clothes. He took a nap,
while I read, and then he had a date, altho he came bakc to the apartment to
sleep. I went to the movies alone at 5:30. Saw "Affairs of Susan", very good.
Then I came home, had supper alone, and so to bed.

We got up shortly after 10 Sunday morning. Fred got up before I did! Had
breakfast. It was nice having him. We just lounged around. I did a bit of
washing! (22 socks, plus undies!) Pam came down later in the afternoon and
he took both of us to dinner and to the movies.

I am sorry I got a bit mixed up and told you he was coming home for the weekend,
but I really thought from what he told me Thursday night that he was. Anyhow, |
that is over now.

So far, Fred's new job has worked out apparently quite well and he is very
happy about it — and in it, so please continue to withhold any comments you
may have on the situation. It may be something real nice for him. Only time
will tell.

(over)


Dear Mom - Please excuse the censored letter but on reading
it over, I thought I had been cut out something, as it
involved Fred + I got into enough trouble last week writing
about him, so that I had letters [?] my big feet out
of anything that had to do with him + let him [?] his
own affairs.

I forgot to say I was planning to come home this weekend,
if that is alright with you I will come up in the usual
6:10 unless you lean to the contrary.

Love,
Julia

COMPTON ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
SEP 19
730 AM
1945

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts