Thursday Morning

Dear Moms:

As I told you we might, we three gals are set for a weekend in Washington
this long weekend. We have been talking about going there many times and
this seemed a good time to go. I hope you won't be too disappointed at my
not coming home, but I will come up again soon. I don't know about coming the
next weekend for the boys' party - don't really believe I want to go to it,
but will think about it and let you know.

We decided to save a night's lodging in Washington (Friday night) so we plan
to take an early, 7:30 in the morning train down Saturday, having breakfast
on board. Then we will get there by noon and have the afternoon for sight-
seeing, and as we will have Monday there too, feel it will give us enough
time. We have reservations at a place called the Hay Adams House, which is
supposed to be very nice, I hear. We hope to see our former roommate, Jean
Surratt Hinman who lives in Alexandria, and perhaps the Armstrongs.

While Mr. T is away this week, I am job hunting. I have no work to do at this
job, and haven't had for a long, long time, and even Mr. T. and his rantings
is getting tiring. I have put in a complaint here at Compton's for something
new, but there isn't anything at the moment, and as I did the same thing in
October, I am getting tired and fed up. I might even look for a job overseas.
Don't you think that would be good for me for a couple of years? Of course,
that is a radical decision and brings up the question of whether to stay in a
comfortable, boring rut, or get out and "live dangerously" as the Bible says to.
However, I am looking around - went to an agency this morning and am going down
to talk to the Red Cross this afternoon. Maybe, and probably, if I do some
looking around, I will get it out of my system and stay where I am, so I don't
think you need to worry about it.

I hope to hear from you today or tomorrow saying you survived your book review
on Tuesday. Will be anxious to hear how it went.

Tuesday and Wednesday here were just like spring - warm and sunny. It makes
one think of the hot summer just ahead, and I don't like that thought.

I don't know whether I told you about the nice time I had with the "children"
and Al Friday night - celebrating my birthday, their anniversary and Valentine's
Day. We went to the Roosevelt Grill for dinner & dancing to Guy Lombardo's orchestra.
Had a fine time. I guess I wrote you about it. Did nothing unusual over the weekend.
Last night Hat & I went to our third opera "Siegfried" and it was simply marvelous.
We have the last one next Tuesday night. They are very long - start at 7:30 and
get out around 11:30, but worth it. Helen & I have a concert tonight.

I don't believe there is any more news, now, dear, so will eat my lunch.
Will give you a report on our trip as soon as we get back.

All my love,
Julia

Compton ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York 20, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 19
430 PM
1948

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts