Thursday, February 2, 1950

Dearest Moms:

Yesterday, being the first day of February, New York City saw its first snow
of the season - a wet, sticky snow, that looked pretty, but it turned to rain
late in the afternoon and is warm and rainy today. It is supposed to clear
tomorrow.

Yesterday noon I went to Times Square on an errand and Jim (one of my bosses)
asked me to get him a Providence paper, so I bought a Transcript just for
the fun of it. It was good to see the old home town paper, and I
cut out these four items I though you might be interested in.

I called Peg last night. Still waiting, but they are all fine. If nothing
happens by Sunday, the Dr. is going to have her go to the hospital and so
get things started. Will let you know, I may go out Saturday, haven't made
definite arrangements yet. This is the weekend Helen goes skiing in Stowe,
Vermont - from tonight until Monday night. The snow there is supposed to be
poor. Guess there is no such thing as the good old-fashioned winter any more.

Your dress arrived Tuesday. It is very pretty and you will get lots of wear
from it. I will keep it nicely for you. As of the moment, none of the two
other packages have arrived, but no doubt they will soon.

We didn't go to Central Church Sunday because Uncle Ted was preaching at Mt.
Holyoke that Sunday. He said he missed not seeing you there!

I have a new job! - Worked on it last Friday, this Monday and closed the deal
Tuesday. It is with fund-raising out-fit - right now working on a campaign
to raise money for a university in Japan. It sounds interesting - I will be
sort of an assistant to two men - handling mail and details - dictating letters
to a secretary! Nice raise in salary I got, too. So far, the location is the
only thing against it - on 23rd street near 4th Avenue. But, can't have everything.
I will be here all next week and maybe part of the following, depending
on when they get someone for this job. I am quite excited about it. It sounds
like a bigger job than I have ever had, but I might as well take the plunge sometime
if I am ever going to get ahead, and this sounds like something I can do -
not technical or out of my line of understanding - I hope.

Am going to work for Mr. T. this afternoon, his girl being out sick.
It will be either fun or terrible if he is in a bad mood, but busy,
anyway and I do like him. (He was in a wonderful mood & we had fun)

Will be busy now having last lunches with people this week and next.
I am much more excited about this new job than I was going over to work
for Brad, so maybe "this is it" as we xxx in the trade. One of the men
I interviewed came all the way up here to Compton's and talked with Marjorie
Irwin, Mr. T. and went over to see Brad. I also had to go down again and
interview the big boss, so I was well checked up on.

Must go to lunch now. Can't mail this till I get home tonight, tho, as I
left your address at home and can't remember it. So, so long for now.

Home - found your card written Monday from Fort
Pierce, saying you had no address there & were
going on to Del Ray but I will send it along
anyway as I had planned. Will wait for
another address before writing next. Take
care, clean, & don't let the "bitters" get you
down. Over-all, you are having a nice
time, you know.

All love,
Julia

Hattie sends her love
Hene just left for the station.

P.S - I forgot to put in the clippings - so I had to
[?] make a new envelope! [?] [?] me!

[NEWS CLIPPINGS]

Fruit just arrived!

From:
JB Bachelder
115 Washington Pl.
New York 14, N.Y

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 3
130 AM
1950

VIA AIR MAIL!

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
c/o H.Z. Schniewind
"Snowwind II"
Pelican Yacht Club
Fort Pierce
Florida