Tuesday Noon
January 3, 1950

Dearest Moms:

HAPPY NEW YEARS - Nifty Fifty!

Was so happy to receive your card this morning - the one written on
Thursday. Your first thought - "Everything is just fine" made me very
happy, as I had been wondering how you found things and how you would
be situated, I thought it would be nice. Cap does like nice places
and I was sure he would have everything right for you. I think it's
nice you have the big cabin, as there is really quite a lot of room
in it. So glad you slept well your first two nights, so guess you have
recovered from the train trip. Hope that you will feel fine the whole
time - and that you get warmed through! You should with 78 degree weather!
It sounds fine. Glad you saw Mr. Terrill and that he was glad to see you
too. Will be interested in the next report from you.

Hope that by the time you get this letter you will have received the
two I sent to you air mail last week - one on Tuesday and one on
Thursday. I won't send them ail mail anymore. Let me know about
how long it takes fro a letter to get to you by regular mail. Fred said
he sent you off a note in the envelope you left him, so guess you have
gotten that one, too.

Fred left the hospital Friday noon. Peg got him. His foot is still
bothering him some and he uses a cane, but I guess it will get well in
time. I went out there yesterday noon for the rest of the day. He and
Mr. G. were having a game of rummy when I arrived. Then Fred took a nap.
He is taking the pills again and, while they help his foot, they make
him somewhat sick, but his foot was better yesterday. He wanted to come
in to town today, but don't believe he will - he's got to give it more
rest. Peg is fine, but getting tired, due to her condition. Mr. G. &
I offered to take down the tree, but they wanted it up longer. Probably
Peg will take it down and land in the hospital with the baby. Will keep
you posted on events. Little Susan was so good and cute yesterday. She
is a little doll — dancing in circles all around to the music. We had
a nice dinner and Mr. G. & I each had an 8 PM train from Wantaugh, so
Peg only had to drive over once. I took a cab out from there when I
arrived. Mr. G. asked me to give you his best when I wrote you, so here
it is!

This past Friday, the 30th, was the only nice decent day we have had -
it was beautiful and sunny and clear and cold. The office closed at
noon and as a surprise, we in this department had a small party in the
office before lunch - just the 15 or so of us all in this group, and it
was very nice. Then I had a quick sandwich with one of the girls and
want up to a movie house on Madison Ave. & 60th street to meet Mary
Holdsworth and a friend of hers. It was a very good English film and we
enjoyed having the afternoon off. We got out at 4, I marketed on the way
home, washed my hair, and Mary came over for supper and we played bridge
in the evening.


Saturday morning we put away our Christmas presents and took down the
tree. Took it easy the rest of the day and got dressed up to go to a
New Year's Eve party out at Jane Schwenker Wirsing's in (near) Flushing.
She had a group of people from the choir of a Brooklyn church she and
her husband sing with out for a buffet supper and the evening and asked
me to join them. It was a nice party. I went out about 5:30. She had
a nice supper and on the stroke of midnight served champeigne —- a custom
they have followed ever since they were married. They drove us to the
subway and Jane's brother brought me home — on his way back to New Jersey.
Got home a little after 2 and the streets of NY were just crowded with
people - just wandering around because it was New Year's Eve — didn't
see hardly any drunks. It was nice to go to a New Years Eve party for
a change. The gals just went to an early movie and then to bed.

Sunday went to Church of Ascension and loafed and rested the rest of the
day —- and out to Levittown yesterday, which I told you about.

Tonight Anne & Mark are coming to supper and we have asked some people in
in the evening afterwards for a little party. Anne & Mark and Alex have
been here all last week visiting the Fields. Thursday night I am going
to a play "The Madwoman of Chaillot" - a Christmas present I received,
the ticket to it, that is. No other plans beyond that.

I guess that brings you up to date on everything here, dear. I didn't
hear from Helen Cadden Merrill again - guess they left yesterday for
home.

Will close for now but write to you again soon. Take care of yourself
and write real often as I want to hear all about everything. Love to
Uncle Jack.

All my love,
Julia

J.B Bachelder
Compton ADVERTISING, INC.
630 Fifth Avenue, New York 20, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JAN 3
530 PM
1950

Mrs. W. F. Bachelder
c/o Mr. H. Z. Schniewind
Halifax River Yacht Club
Daytona Beach
Florida