THE JAPAN INTERNATIONAL CHRISTIAN UNIVERSITY FOUNDATION, INC: ;
44 EAST 23rd STREET, NEW YORK 10, N. Y.

Friday Morning
March 10, 1950

MEMO

To: J. S. B
From: J. B. B
Subject: your 2 letters rec'd last night -

Dear moms - will just scratch off
a fast note to you - to send on your
mail which I have received forwarded
from Ft. Lauderdale - including the last
letter I wrote you. Sorry you didn't
get it sooner.

I called Fred this morning but he
was out. Donald told me you
& Cap had talked with Fred on the
plane yesterday - so I guess Fred
has more recent news of your
plane [?] than you gave me!
I will no doubt talk with him on
the phone during the weekend but
doubt if I'll be going out there. Am
planning to shop tomorrow - for me &


Sunday Afternoon
March 5, 1950

Dearest Moms:
I meant to write to you before this because I have two letters
from you to acknowledge. I was really going to do it Friday night
after I got your second letter with request to write "as soon as
you receive this letter” and I was going to do it, but was simply
so sleepy I couldn't do anything - so, now it is Sunday. Hope
you will receive this before you leave Bahia Mar.

To go backwards, Fred phoned yesterday morning and as a result I
took the 11 AM train out for the day. Had a very nice day with
them all. It was a beautiful clear sunny day, cold but just nice.
They are all just fine. Peggy gets pretty tired, I guess, for
she admitted it yesterday and she generally says she is fine, but
otherwise she is OH. Little Maggie J. had changed so since I last
saw her 3 weeks ago. She now weighs 8 lbs. 9 oz. and is in fine
health. She got her first solid food for supper last night - a
tiny bit of pablum and bannana - imagine, at the age of 4 weeks. 
She liked it, tho. She is so little and cute and cuddly. She is
a fine looking baby, altho I don't think she is quite as good-looking
as Susan was - xxxxxxxx but she will change all the time now.
Susan was just fine. Her eye was completely cleared up, due to
some ointment they have been puttin on it and they are hoping it
will remain that way and won't need operating on. Chances look
good now that she won't. She has the most beautiful big blue
eyes. Her hair doesn't grow and is still just fuzz and it has
lost its light color, but will come out all right, I guess. I
saw the darling little yellow dress you sent and it is sweet.
She didn't have it on but will be dressed up in it when you come.
Peggy said she has written to you but it is hard to get letters
mailed, so don't know when¢d you will get it.

Bill Maxon dropped in in the afternoon so Peg, Suse and I went
over to the Maxon's for a short visit. Dr. Higgins was there
when we got back. After he left, Fred did a bit of marketing,
we had supper, watched television and I took a 10 PM train home.
Last night Peg was going to start breaking the baby of the 2 AM
feeding. They say it will take 2 or 3 nights, she will wake up
and cry, but not get a bottle and so should train herself to
sleep through. They seem to be more desirous of working out a
better feeding schedule with this one than with Susan - which is
all to the good. The baby is very good and so far wakes up only
at feeding times.

We 3 went to church this morning and doing odd things such as
this and washing and ironing the rest of today. It is another
beautiful day, warmer than it has been. We have had some realy
cold days the past 2 weeks. Probably when you wrote on March 1
with 90 degree temperature was one of the days we had it 10-20,
with a cold wind, in addition.

Thanks so much for the pretty shells. They were all broken but
for one tiny white one which “big" Susan has kept, as little
Susan couldn't manage anything that small.

The kids never did receive their fruit, as Fred says he
wrote you recently. Too bad.

Am glad you and Bobby get along well and that you are having
so many pleasant moments on your vacation, Nice to have been
able to see Nellie Green, as you seemed to have missed seeing
so many others - like Elsie and Mrs. Dwight.

The card you sent of Bahia-Mar Yacht Basin surely looks as
though it were nice there. Will think of you leaving there
sometime this coming week, and arriving in New York any time
you do arrive. I know home will look very good to you, but
am so glad you did this this eyar, as you will have lots to
think back upon.

My new job is going better all the time. I was hired to get
letters answered and by this past Friday all the back, and
current letters were answered, so I feel pretty good about it.
As I probably told you, this drive for funds is being conducted
across the country in 12 different sections, and the head of
each of these sections is coming to New York this weekend for
a 2-day conference, Monday and Tuesday of this coming week.
I am going to the meetings and quite thrilled with the idea.
It will give me a wonderful over-all knowledge of what goes on.
Each regional director will make a report and the problems will
be discussed. There will be 18 men there and 4 women, including
yours truly! The meetings are going to be held at the Williams
College Club on 39th street between Madison and Park - from 9 to
12:30 and 2 to 5. It will be tiring, sitting there all day for
two days, but interesting, I believe.

I had dinner last Tuesday with Marjorie Irwin, as I wrote you I
probably would. We had a nice time. Helen & my French classes
are coming along fine and we have lots of fun in them and enjoy
it a lot - every Thursday night we go - from 8 to 10.

Guess that brings us up to date, dear, so I will close for this
time and wait for a new address for you in your next letter to
me before I write again. Hope you can get a nice accommodation
to NY and have a pleasant trip. It will be wonderful to see you
again, dear!

All love,
Julia

Please give my
love to the
captain!


NEW YORK, N.Y.
MAR 6
230 AM
1950

115 Washington Place
New York
N.Y.

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
c/o Mr. H.Z. Schniewind

VIA AIR MAIL