.
-Thursday Evenire
Dearest Moms:
“pone lena ni nice. letter which I received tonight when 1 Setbeote :
so tired when eee aes eee cue eee been
: : a us opped and tried to-et t
early, It 1s a nervous strkin on a new job and ee a
nope to goodness¥® ou Ww b and I certainly was tinned. —
it til I go 4 A Alas 5 Se aa ie ar tie as eee
The new job ig simply wonderful. And I t .
time goes on and | get more familiar win-eee mace? aoe aoe atte
a bit different from what 1 had expected, but I like it Nee
MI. Baldwin's office is on a floor where all the top pe ae ti
times have their office - about 12 or 15 offices on the ccmsaita te ney
should say - all behind closed doors, but very few of the ofeieea :
occupied. I .understand a lot of them do their work at home ation
a lot are also over seas. Don't even see many dideietanton ecuna _
About the only people i come in contact with are the mail boys and
a receptionist on the floor from whom I get desk supplies a ht
now, I consider myself mostly mr. baldwin's vrivate onee een tas I
seem -to do more for him directly than I do for the limes He gets
lots. of letters ‘for om dgainst" his articles and he answer és them
all, dictatinathem to me, and some he lets me answer, just a sentence
eo age an eas eee Also, I do reference work for him - going ,
fo) o brary at the times to look things up, or digging out articles,
etc. His articles that he writes for the paper he types. out himself.
He has an article in every Monday, wednesday & Friday and in the News
of the week Keview Section on sunday, with occationsl articles in the
Magazine section and pook Keview section. ‘there will be one in the
latter this coming Sunday, 1 think. ;
He is a very quiet, serious type, but very nice, and I like him very
much, He is tall and thin = 47 yrs. old. His oldest daughter is
- going to enter Smith this fall- He has written several books and is
- @ very well-known and well-thought of authority on affairs$ military.
He has 3 large maps of korea on the wall, one of which he keeps marked
up 2 or 3 times a day as tthe to the progress of the battle. He has a
whole closet full of books, £ should say every one that has been
written on army, Navy, Air torce, weapons, etc. etc. is there. Of
course, 1 make lots of phone calls for hime, take messages, etc.
1 think it is just the kind of job.1 would like - working for a nice
f person, well-known, doing interesting, vital and ‘alive work. 1 am
substituting for the only other person working for =zxmum him - a man,
called his *“assistant', who also acts as his secretary. shere is no
girl secretary. I have just a feeling that 1 may be in on trial as
a. secretary, for 1 gather that both ur. »aldwin and the man have more
to do than they can handle. and mr. B. told me that during the war
he had a staff of 4 or 5, so maybe with the sorean war and things
like wk that being of such vital interest these days, they could use
a gal. i have two more weeks to go after tomorrow, 50 will give it
lots of thought - and perhaps hope that i am asked by mr. be himsel f
to stay on. He is a very smart man, no doubt of that, and a very fine
one, too = & perfect quiet,gentleman-type.
L didn't see ted Thorne until today, as he was out of town, but we had
a nice chat together after work. He is going to take me around the

Place on Monday. Mr. B. will come in Saturday but would rat
in Monday to take phone calls for him - his eal off. He noid Semen
oe means meyer as ae ee Keep me busy on Monday. Today I left
6 6é himself said I could come
feo eee i and g0 pretty much as I please, so
20 go0 back to the weekend. If poured both days. Saturday I did lots
of reading, washed the slip covers to the chairs in the machine, drying ©
them in the boiler room and ironed them. Had an early supper Dy myself
. and went to see the movie"the 3rd Man". Took an 11 AM train Sunday out
to Levittown. We couldn't do much on account of the rain, but Fred
Susan & I took a drive in the afternoon. I thought he might be buying
a different house, but it is one 6f Mr. Levitts — although it will be
an entirely different location = don't know where yet. They don't
either. The little girls are so eute. Susan is a dear and my favorite
. now. I tokd them they better love her most. She is a darling. Such
beautiful big blue eyes and long black lashes. ahar And her hair!
ee While it is getting darker underneath, the top was a mass -of=golden—
ringlets - due to the dampness, beautiful. And can now understand a
lot of workds she says, and it is such fun to hear her. She talks all
the time. Can't get most of it, but a lot of it you can. The little
one is cute, too, and she just loves Susan. The minute Suse is in
sight, the little one laughs and Suse plays with her so nicely - for
a few minutes. Guess the little one is Sally. Susan calls her that,
also "titter". Susean also says “Aunt Julie" ~ in her fashion, but
it is understandable, so that's what counts. Susan aooked fine, I
thought. She isn't fat, but dooked all right. She is on the go so
constantly, she can't gain much fat. She ate better, too, than I had
- seen her recently. Peggy has lost weight, I think, but seemed fine,
-as did Fred. ’
Monday was a glorious day here. I went to the bank and had a nice
luncheon with the Compton people and saw others, too. Came home and
did a machine wash of clothes and then went up to Sis Palmer's (Comptoh
for supper.
Guess I willtake it easy here this weekend. Have lots of reading to
do - NY Times, etc. on World Affairs. Must be intelligent, now. Alsa
‘ have done no cleaning and the apartment could stand a bit. Will pjan,
however, to come home for Labor Day weekend, but will write you again
next week about it-for sure, —— , She
Was interested in all the -clippings you sent. Missed entirely, reading
anything about the fire.on “our" boat. Horrible. Guess we would never
go now = glad we got the trip in.
“ Must go to bed now, dear. Am more used to being alone this week than
I was last. ‘Just a question of getting accustomed to it. Want to
get to bed early. I ind I am apt not to get started early enough
when I am alone, but must tonight, as I am tired.
Write again soon. |
, All love, .
: 4 x x A ‘
No new word from the girls. They will be in Switzerland this week.

ee ee ge? <a _—_
; ee a “/ m » / : f “y ; : es a :
| ‘ ‘ . / ‘ ' J . " iliesl' iS > 4
te ” . J | ” | P Ps f - "9 aT, . i tan pee
| ail | hi ——— iBall |
if i le an : | Lit Al 6 = c ) A C | KA ara : Be say | j
| ZVIRM - aie iii ar 9
fe : , EN] pay Cth OORT NAA r KV |
. | . ~ 9 Q ™ LD lsd SEAS LAS Vy
ed / ~~ ecm ere Se ey ee ep Pty Pe a ae oni
: 4
: oa a
ms
| . |
| . /
| |
I be >
~ 4
| Mrs, We #. Bacherler
2 Harvard Street =
| Mas sachusetts aie a a
i
; !

r, ? ad ar.) se —— = ~ os ~«-- > ™ — — © —- .
\ : \ / °. ft. ee OR or = oof ™
Leeds at Vy
f ; saa Ac NETER EE TEEN ae,
Ve Po
fis ‘ .
“
|
{
( :
|
j
Comedia a .

