Monday, March 20, 1950

Dearest Moms:

It has been a long time since I scribbled you that fast note at the
office a week ago this past Friday and sent with it your mail. Since
then I don’t know just where to send a letter, thinking you might have
gone on ahead, so what's the use? - you know, so just let it drift.
And since Thursday I have had a justifiable alibi as have been in bed
with La Grippe, or something. Am dressed this afternoon for the first
time since I went to bed after supper Thursday. Don't know whether to
go to work tomorrow or not. And, in talking with Fred on this phone
this morning, he said orders from Cap to Donald were to send mail to
West Palm Beach, but from your last letter, believe you should have
left there by now, so think I will send this on to Eau Gallie as you
suggested.

The enclosed letter to you from Peg is the only one that has been sent
back up here to me for you.

I am glad you have a definite time and reservation to come "home" on,
dear. Your plans all sound good to me and I imagine that you feel better
having the matter settled. I think Fred will probably be able to
meet you but don’t believe I can get off. We have all day Good Friday
off and I am about to do something about getting good seats at the
opera for us. I couldn't imagine what you were sending me a cheek for,
but that was very nice. I will get the best seats I can.

Well, I haven't had a bug to put me to bed since Susan was born and
you were here, but this one really got me this time. Last Wednesday
night I had chills but fever only to 99 so went to work Thursday,
which was a mistake. I stuck it out all day, tho, but went to bed
when I got home and been there ever since. Am dressed now for the
first time, but feel rocky and not too good. Temperature Friday
morning was 102 and went down only to 100 all day. Was 99 and 100
Saturday and hit normal yesterday but went up to 99. It all just
takes time to clear up. Been taking 2 aspirin every 4 hours and
doing lots of drinking. No need for the doctor. Maybe I will go up
to work for the afternoon if my temperature stays down today, but
then again, I may not. Am getting lots of reading done now, and
been writing letters this afternoon. It is all very aggaravating,
tho. In addition to which, Helen is also home today with something
or other, not quite as sick as I was but some variety of it. I am
glad we are having this business now as by the time you get here, we
will be either dead or all well - no doubt the latter. I am about
to put some baked potatoes in for us and Hat will do the marketing
on the way home, so we are getting along all right.

I gather you talk with Fred quite frequently - at the times Cap calls
the office. His latest report this morning was that they were all
fine. Little Suse is cuter than ever, he keeps saying. He is
certainly crazy about that little girl. The baby is thriving nicely
and they all went out for a ride toegether for the first time yesterday
he said.

I want very much to go to the Flower Show which is here this week.
Have never been to one and this year Piglet had a contract to do a
whole lot of her wild flower tiles for the exhibit put on by the
New York Botanical Garden. Thought that would be a good excuse for
me to go. Hope to be better the end of the week so I can make it.

No more news for now, I guess, old dear. Will be wonderful to see
you again. Enjoy every minute of your stay now, and let's hope
the weather will be milder when you get back. It is still pretty
cold here off and on.

All love,
Julia

From:
J.B. Bachelder
115 Washington Pl.
New York 14, N.Y.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
MAR 20
930 PM
1950

arrived
april 28 - 50

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
c/o Mr. H. Z. Sehniewind
"Snowind II"
Yacht Basin
Eau Gallie
Florida

VIA AIR MAIL