Thursday Morning

Dearest Moms:

Back safe and sound and everything was in good order here. It didn't
even seem dusty - we left the place in such good condition. Of
course there is lots of cleaning I can do when I get to it, but the
place doesn't look bad. The clean slip cover on the couch makes a
big difference and Saturday I hope to wash in the machine the two
chair covers.

I ate alone here Monday and Tuesday nights but last night I had a
girl from the Japan place down to have supper with me. I made a meat
loaf and pudding, so now I have something more in the house to eat.
Aside from that, in the evenings have been doing nothing much but red
that old book of yours, "The Quarry". I do like it, tho, and can't
put it down. Will be glad when I have finished it. I have managed.
to wash one dress and iron another, but will get more work done after
the book is completed.
My “day“ work hasn't been too successful the past two days, although
I have managed to be busy enough to be away from the apartment all du
Have been to both agencies and on one job interview, which I didn't
like too well, Have a nice sounding job to look into on Monday, as
the man is away this week. Tomorrow will go to a couple of more
agencies. ‘today I am taking off and going out to Lake Success to the
meeting this afternoon of the UN Security Council. Will take a noon
train out and get lunch there. It should be most interesting, 1! think. |
Have had two nice luncheons this week - yesterday and tuesday. Yest#
day, I went up to Comptons to see people and Mr. Nickerson, one of ny
former “bosses" last winter took me to lunch and he was joining anoth
er man who used to work there, so had lunch at a nice place with two
charming gentlemen.
tuesday i met rrederick for lunch and we had a nice time, too. He
told me briefly about the house - it isn't what I thought it was, but
one very Similar to the newer houses right in Levittown, modern style
but the same plan of 2 bedrooms downstairs and unfinished upstairs.
He said he got your letter and enjoyed it. I am going out there
early Sunday morning for the day. they are doing something or other
Saturday, so that day I will clean and work around here.
I aid do something horrible in my wanderings on Fifth Avenue yestere
day. i bought a new winter coat at Peck & Peck, charging it to yous
like you said I could. The day before 1 started looking at winter
coats in L&T's and also P&P. 1 saw this one in another store from
the one where 1 bought it, but not in my size. So yesterday 1
sopped in their store where we got my Haster hat and got this. I
had a very nice clerk and, as usual, didn't know whether or not to
puy it, but 1 did. Now is the time to buy winter coatse Most of |
them this year are great big full things, and i didn t want one Like
that. Have my old one to wear over suits. I have wanted a fitter
winter coat for quite a while. I hope you will like the idea of a
plaid one, but then it is quite conservative; have always wanted
something in this plaid. It is so hard to know what to buy for a

coat. I didn't want black as my spring coat is black. Brown dtesn't
look good on me, nor gray, nor some violent or loud weave or check
or something. I think [I can get a lot of wear out of it. O, 1 had |
it sent to you to save the city tax, beacuse you are the charge
aceount, and if you don’t like it, it can be exchanged at‘their
northampton shop. After I bought it, 1 looked at coats at saks and
pests and came away satisfied with my purchase. wet me know what
you think. PS - SB fe peefearty.
i guess that's all for now, dear. Haven't heard from the girls yet
but 1 did manage to write to them Monday night. rnowever, haven't as
yet sent the pictures on to their respective mothers - must do that
tonight, |
I did have a nice vacation, dear, and thanks for everything - wonder
ful-cooking: etc. Am wondering if Uarl has come yet. Let me hear
~——"““ftrom you soon. i enjoyed a Lot the good sandwich you made me, but—I—— —

was so engrossed in tre book that -I didn’t think to eat it until 2:30
but it was most welcome then, i assure you. .

All love, —

( . ) fs

. * 4 _ Friday evening
Dearest Moms: : :
Under my new policy - more letters for Mom = IL write to you again
this week, but then, have been quite busy and have therefore some-
‘thines definite to write about. | ;
thanks for your nice lttter received tonight, and, for the enclosure
which 1 didn't see at home. Rather strange. format, but better than
no acknowledgement, i suppose. Glad Carl has been to fix the
leaks for youe Will be interested to. hear if the patch work is
successful. will hope that it is$ ‘
1 haven't bought a newspaper at all this week until tonight and 1
find in that no woré of the fire you mention on the 5.5.wuebec, nor
have I heard anything about it on the radio. Please tell me about
it briefly next time you write. where did it happen - many or
any deaths;? | .

i wrote you isuesday night so you know i saw rred at lunch that day,
and bought a coat. wxet me know how you like it. «she last three
days have been quite full.- not much doing on the job-hunting score -
until today. However, wednesday noon 1 barged into vompton's to
say hello and was taken to lunch by one of mp former bosses, mur.
Nickerson - terribly charming gentleman. ne was meeting Mac mitchell
who used to work there, so took me along = quite something, me
lunching with two:' men, it was good to see them all again. 1
hadn't been up for quite a while. One. of my agencies gave me a
good job to go to monday to see about, but that was all. I came

vl home and got supper and the gal from Japan university came down
and we had a nice supper and chat. ihe campaign is still going,
more than I thought, only in certain areas, however. It was good
to get. caught up with the news about the place.
‘hursday - gosh, it was thursday morning I wrote to you - not
Tuesday night! I wrote to you and Mrs. Quimby, sending herg the
pictures of the gals, before I went out to the UN. Oh, well.
The UN was interesting but quite crowded and they didn't seem to
know how to take care of the crowds. I had to view the proceedings
in some small conference room miles away from the main room on an

ordinary television set, but it was interesting, nevertheless. But

I never did get to see any of the principals in person. Am glad I
‘have been out, tho - got it out of my system, as it were, as I had
been meaning to 20. |

i Retore I left the apt. yesterday mornin g, the Personnel woman from ‘

‘s the NY Times called me about a temporary opening for 3 weeks. It

qi sounded good, so this morning I was up there at 9 to see about it

and didn't leave until 11:30. I may have told you I had thought I
would like to work there, and they have called me a couple of times
on jobs that I wasn't interested in - but this one. My morale is
way up sky high tonight.» I got the job and can hardly wait to
get started. I will be secretary to Hanson Baldwin, Military
Affairs Analyst: for the Times. He always has an article in the
News Seetion on Sunday and frequently in the daily edition. He
| is in the Editorial Department. The whole thing ought to be

terribly interesting. I may be doing some researeh work - don't
know just what, really. I didn't. see him today, but, believe me,
the Personnel Department screened me. I had to take a typing test,
shorthand test, and. about 5 or 6 little "intelligence" tests -
arithmetic, spelling, grammar, etc. Then I was interviewed by the
top Personnel man, who is a friend. of Ted Thorne's, the husband of
the NSFG gal in Oyster Bay. When I got home tonight, I called Ted
and he was very interested. I.will even be working some with him
and he promised to show me around and I know he will, so that is
nice = to know somebody there. Also he said “you will be working

— ~—on the 10th floor with the ‘braing'" - and - "you must have had an
TQ of 1 ,000 to get the job". Guess they must have been hard up |
but it certainly makes me feel good. In addition, the Personnel
man indicated that there might be something permanent for me some-
where after this is over. I only hope I make good at it. The

+ hours are funny - 10 AM to 6:30 at night - maybe even more. And

Ted said he thought I would work Saturday and get Monday off, but
the Personnel man didn't mention that., Anyway, I am very happy
about it at this point. I don't start until Tuesday, which is
funny, but I guess that is the start of their “week"™.

ae ; Qe pemrenni serene
When I got home from the UN last night at 7:30 there was a telegram
from Miss Gardes, Personnel woman at Compton's. She had a temporary
job she wanted me to take. Glad I had this one, as I am anxious to
try something new. However, I went in to see her this noon - also
Mr, Titterton, who took me to lunch: Dear man. He was in a wonder-
ful mood and we had a fine time. He is really wonderful. After that
I stopped in at the Biow Company - never having gone back to see them
and their new offices. Had a nice long chat with one of the men ther
on job-hunting. He was very nice. Saw Brad and he was civil and I
tried to be too. Went over to the Waverly Inn for supper tonight and
sat in their garéen out back. They close down now until after Labor
Day Tomorrow have work around to do and will go see the “3rd Man"
around supper time before the crowds. Take 11 AM train to Fred's
Sunday and will write you sometime next week about ny visit = and
the new job. Got my first letter from the gals yesterday. Mostly
about what they have been doing in London, about Shelagh, etc. They
have seen Mr. & Mrs. Holdsworth - are taken for Americans right off,
mostly due to the way they dress - whatever that may be. Hat & Helen
only, stayed at Shelagh's - the other 2 at a small nearby hotel.
Oh, for Monday noon, I lined up the fellows I worked for in the Copy
Dept. last winter to take me to lunch, Getting brazen in my old ages
Monday night having dinner out with Sis Palmer from Compton s.
Gues that's enough for tonight, dear. Getting used to living alone.
It will be better when I have my jam to go to every day.

All love,

