Friday Evening

Dearest Moms:

I am sorry I have been negligent about writing to you dear. I know
I should have written this week before now, but I wrote you a nice
letter last week, I thought, and followed it up with a card. Well,
be that as it may, we all have been sleepy as the dickens here all
week and just haven't gotten much of anything done. And, of course,
I feel as though I should keep at work - at work. Have plenty of
typing to do. That is all I do - type up annual statements of lists
of stocks and bonds and real estate holdings. It is rather boring,
but the office is very pleasant to work in - lots of room, few
people; and nice ones, and I am earning a bit of spending money to
keep things going. I get out at 4 every afternoon and three afternoons 
this week went on job interviews. I still haven't found “the"
job - whatever that may be. Will just keep at it and, I guess, when
this temporary job ends, take another one. They want me in again
next week, the first part of the week, at least. I won't go on
Thursday, anyway - the sailing date. After all, it isn't every day
I can go to a sailing.

Things are starting to get hectic around here. The girls have all
their reservations now, shopping most done. They will work on odss
and ends this weekend and then start packing. Tuesday night I am
having a farewell bon voyage party for them here - some friends of
Helen's and some of Hat's. Also, going to combine and make it a
surprise birthday party for Helen, whose birthday is August 5 and
we have never had a party for her and she has so many times arranged
them for Hat and me. People ate coming at 8 for dessert - icre crem
birthday cake and coffee. I am asking them to bring presents, so
will have a gala affair.

Last Saturday did house work all day, with the exception of 1 1/2 hour
of interview with a man who wanted me to work for him, I had to
call him back later in the afternoon and give him my decision, which
was "no". Just didn't like it completely.

Sunday was a beautiful day and I had had the urge for several days
to get into the Atlantic Ocean, so we went off to Jones Beach. The
water was wonderful, put on the warm side. Then Fred picked us up
at Wantaugh and we went back and cooked hot dogs and had supper out
doors. He made a little outdoor stove, or fireplace, very nice.
They were all fine, as I said over the phone. Talked with him just
briefly the other day, but no news. Forgot to ask if inky came
back. Guess he didn't. We came away from Levittown early, with
nice color from the beach.

Before I forget it, after looking it up in a Brooklyn phone book at
work, Cap's address at Alex Fiedler's is

1431 East 27th Street
Brooklyn, New York


Thanks for your two nice recent letters, dear. and for sending

the card from Alice, and the wedding announcement. Glade you like
the new drapes in the den. I thought they would look right there.
I believe I told you the rug I had had in mind and looked at in
Bloomingdale's was awful in the dark wine color we want. So, guess
should get it locally, altho if I am handy by some rug place, will
give another look and see what i can find.

Thanks for phoning.me Monday night about the job Mrs. Briggs called
about. You see she sent me a postcard which I should have gotten
Friday but didn't get until I got home from work Monday. So she
hadn't heard from me and, of course couldn't get me here on Monday.
Maybe I told you it is with the New York Post. I went down for an
interview late Monday. I liked it and am still considering it. Will
pursue it further next week.

Jean and Carroll Hinman, from washineton,(Jean is our red-headed
roomate and I visited them last fall are in town for the weekend.
we got a card from them today, so will probably see them tomorrow.
Other than that, nothing special planned. I am thinking I might
come home next weekend, but this week will be so hectic maybe I
can't make it. Mrs. Murray and Aunt Bess are supposed to come down
for the sailing but we haven‘t heard from them yet. Harriet's sister
was coming, but isn't. They sail on the “Il de France" at 4 PM. I
want to go to the sailing and I don't, but I'll go.

Thought you might like to see the enclosed about Mr. Brown. I was
shocked when I read it. Please save it for me. Also enclosed are
some pictures I picked up in Levittown Sunday. The photographs of
the children are good and they said they were going to have some
made up for us. Don't know when we will get them.

I guess that about does it for this time, dear. Sorry you won't
get this tomorrow, but will go out and mail it now so you will
surely get it Monday.

Write to me again, too, please. Guess I had better phone you Thurs
night about the weekend.

All love,
Julia


Wednesday Evening

Dear Moms:

Baek again safe and sound - into the heat and dirt and turmoil of h
the city. I had an easy enough trip back. The one through car to
New York was filled when I got on but they opened up more cars in
Springfield and I had a whole seat to myself. It poured guns between
Hartford and New Haven but had stopped by the time I got out of the
subway at Sheridan Square here, so all was well.

I was indeed glad to have my nice clean ironed clothes ready to wear.
I only had to press the suit a little Tuesday morning before wearing
it that day and the dress didn‘t need pressing at all. It shook out.

It certainly was stupid of me to leave my little old watch on my
bureau and I shall miss it, but can get along without it, so don't
bother to send it. It's just a question of getting used to not having 
it.

Tuesday I went to my two agencies and got two job assignments to go on.
One I quite liked - with the New York City Cancer Committee - on 5th
Avenue between 44 & 45 streets. I think they liked me and if I get
it, I will hear by this Friday as the man is going on a 2 weeks vacation
and is going to settle his secretary business by then. The other
interview turned out to be no good. I had to carry my umbrella both
yesterday and today. It rained some yesterday and last evening we
had a xxxx bad thunder and lightening storm. It looked like rain
some today but the sun came out later and it was very hot and humid
here,

Didn't do too much today. The agencies had no new jobs today when I
called them about it, but I did go back to a place I went to two weeks
ago to meet the man, but I don't think I like it, and he won't meet my
price. While uptown I looked at dressed in Lord & Taylors and, believe
me, I got a wonderful bargain in the dress we got for me in Hamp.
The girls liked it, too. Harriet hang it for me last night and then I
hemmed it, so it is all ready to wear now.

I did call Fred today and we had lunch together, a nice lunch. Cap
wasn't in town. I don’t really know where he was but Fred said he
guessed Cap was staying North until September. The latest problem
with the babies is that Susan can now climb out of her crib and the
last two evenings they have had a terrible time with her. I guess
children are some problem.

Tomorrow night we are having our French teacher to dimmer. We are
cooking a fowl tonight to make chicken salad with and Helen has just
put a cake in the oven. Friday night Anne Murray Field is coming
to supper. Saturday morning I am going out to Oyster Bay for Saturday
and Sunday to see the girl from NSFG and talk over the alumnae situatin
She has 3 children - 4 1/2, 2 1/2 and 5 mos. - so guess it will be lively,
put different, anyway.

Mrs. Murray got another friend of hers to go on the trip with her
and Aunt Bess and they are away now.

As is usual when I come back from Massachusetts, I have felt full of
pep the last two days. Thank goodness it hasn't been unbearably hot
yet. That really wears me down.

Washed my hair tonight.

Guess that's about it for now, dear. Will keep you posted. I am
going to try to see if, when I do get a job I think I want, I can
put off starting it a week so I can have some more vacation. But
I will tell you in the next letter what the situation is.
Had a wonderful, vacation with you, dears. It was wonderful being
in the "country". When I am up there, I sometimes wonder if I don't
belong there, and then when I get back here, the city and all its
doings and the little apartment here have their advantages, too.
So I guess I'm here for a while longer. Anxious to see what my
next job is!

Take care and write to me - and let me know if Cliff comes!

All my love,
Julia

Thought you might like to read the
enclosed on our concert.

NEW YORK, N.Y.
JUL 29
730 AM
1950

Mrs. Walter F. Bachelder
2 Harvard Street
Holyoke
Massachusetts