Sunday afternoon
February 26, 1950

Dearest Moms:
Was happy to get your nice letter Friday night - with clippings
about the races and Fort Lauderdale. It must be a beautiful yacht
basin there. So glad you are enjoying the warm weather and the
bathing, too. Am wondering how you liked the races and how much
money you lost!

Glad you found that the train situation comin North won't be
too difficult. Any time you get ready to come will be all right
with me. I think you will enjoy the sail back to Daytona Beach,
anyway, and I hope the Snowind gets fixed up all right. Pretty
careless of the person who rammed into it, I would say.

I talked with Fred & Peg by phone Friday night. I thought I might
go out Saturday, but they had it all arranged for Mrs. G to come
over to be caretaker while they went out to dinner and a local
movie - Peg's first venture out since the baby came. So maybe I
will be going out this Saturday. Want to see the little one. They
say she is getting along fine, has gained weight and I guess I will
notice a change in her. She was so very tiny at age of 1 week.
The little clothes you sent had not arrived when Peg wrote you. The
package was very slow in coming, but they mentioned again how cute
Susan looked in the little yellow dress. The last I heard, the fruit
had not arrived, so I don't know what you want to do about that one.

Friday was the first good day I have had on my new job - everything
went along nicely and furthered my hopes that it will be a fine job
for me. It is very tough getting used to new work, new people and
new surroundings all at once, especially when I so want to make a go
of it and do a good job. But Friday I heard I was doing fine. I
dictate all sorts of letters, and it's lots of fun.

It was wonderful having last Wednesday, Washington's Birthday, off.
Wrote many overdue letters and cleaned things out and got a lot done.
Helen went home this weekend so Hat & I have just been doing the
usual. We went to Central Church this morning. A movie up at that
nice Little Carnegie Theatre last night. I looked around in the
stores yesterday morning. When I was over in Times Square, I bought
Friday's Transcript and found this attached notice in it which I
thought would interest you. Perhaps you could write to Fern to find
out where Mrs. G is staying in Daytona Beach and so see her when
you get back there.

Friday was a beautiful day, warm and springlike, but yesterday and
today, while beautiful, have been very cold - in the low 20's. We
are at long last having our cold winter weather and predictions are
that it is going to be cold well into March, so I guess it's just as
well you are staying down there a while longer.

I expect to have two invitations to dinner this week - one,
Marjorie Irwin from Compton's and the other with the girl
through whom I got my new job. Other than that, no plans.

Must stop now and wash my hair. It will be good to see you
again!

Your luvin' daughter,
Julia

NEW YORK, N.Y.
FEB 27
1030 AM
1950

arrived march 1 -

Mrs. W.F. Bachelder
c/o Mr. H. Z. Schniewind
"Snowind II"
Bahia-Mar
Fort Lauderdale
Florida

VIA ATR MAIL