Received at 9th

October 2

Dear Mother;

Another week has passed and here I am at the same old place, doing
the same old thing and otherwise being just as usual. Talk and more talk of
moving keeps going around and everynow and then somebody you know has been
sent away but as yet we are still plugging away.

The weather nowadays is really beautiful with gorgeous sunsetsets.
Yesterday we didn't work and I took a motor bike ride for about an hour in the
morning. It was crisp and clear with all the colors bright, the water, hills,
and fields, We had a delicious dinner of fried chicken. In the after—noon I
went over to an English camp and lounged around the beach with some of the
English girl soldiers and some English officers. Had tea and played the 'gramophone'
out on the beach. In the evening another officer and myself went to a
small town a short distance along the coast and had dinner. On the way down
the sunset lit up the sky in the West and in the East a full moon gradually
rose as if chasing the last bit of daylight away. At no time did it get dark
and the whole effect was quite unigue and wonderful.

Day before yesterday I received a package, Evidently my Birthday
package, As yet I haven't opened it but I doubt if I will be able to resist
for over another month, If we do move I shall have to open it as I can't afford
the space all in one lump.

The other day I had a real sad shock. I have been holding a
more or less steady correspondence with Erl Olson. Perhaps you remember he
was one of the boys at the Army base and had an apartment in the village, Well
my last letter was returned with the notation 'deceased July 28!, I understand
that his division was in on hte landing in Southern France so I presume he
was killed. He was a fine fellow, intelligent, interesting, and good company.
I had anticipated that we would see each other after the war. I'm very sorry.

Enclosed in the letter you will find 13 pictures, I have
noted a bit about each one. Natuaraliy you will save them. I may send the negatives
later but I won't send both together. I notice that some of them are not printed
well and that I am sure when I get back I can get better prints.

I just stopped for a minute to go outside and see the news reel
of the movie that is being shown by the British this evening, I saw the scenes
of the street fighting in Paris and the entry of De Gaulle. They were very interesting
and our French soldiers cheered vaguely. I presueme that the same pictures
are now being shown in the states.

Received a letter from Julia the other day. Seems that things
are about the same with her. I wonder if she is getting tired of New York.

One of our officers was transferred the other day and he had to
leave his radio behind. We tossed up for it and I won so now I have a very
good radio in my room, It is really interesting to tune in on all the countries
of Europe. I am brushin up on my German again and listen now to the news in
French, German and English. I like to make comparisons. I get fine music in
the morning and in the evening and it fills a much wanted need, I hope I can
take it with me if I move but it is rather big so I am enjoying it while I
can.

Well there isn't much more to say, Except love to all,

Fred