10 Mai
Dear Shoe3

What do you know, another letter so close on the heels
of the last one. But then I suppose there is no one to whom I
could better write to and then I guess I haven't much to do these
days except lay on my back, side, stomach, then retnunn via the other
side to my backe So it goes, day in day out. However in spite of
my own peculiar situation in the hospital, they have been

memorable dgys for us here in +taly, you at home and for the whole
world including vapan. Although our activities are confined to
mild exclamations and talk of the ‘'armchair' type we have followed
the radio announcements with an outstreztched ear, Although
the regular hospital staff had an alcoholic celebration, the
patients passed the day as well as could be expected. For the most
part it was one of reflection and a feeling of ‘its hard to believe!.
For over five years up and down and all around we have in one way
or another been heading for VE day. When it came, it left some of
us sort of flat. We were still here. There is still a big job to do
in Europe and of course Japon is far from down. Its like jumping
deep into the water in the middle of a lake. You struggle to
come to the top, suddenly after it seemed that yowlungs would burst
you burst forth into the air with great relief only to realize
" that you still have a long swim to shore. That is the way I feel
anyway e
But gm then we have come a léng way and I suppose that
every little bit of exhilaration should be squeezed from five
years of hard work. And there has been plenty of high spirited
activity in Italy. These people are emotional and half crazy
anyway and they,along with the French,have finally after some aid
from the allies won the war. Everybody kisses everybody else,
the partisans strut around like satiated roosters, The red flags
flutter along with the +talian and the allied flags. Fascists
have a precarious time wlaking along the streets. Somebody is
sure to take a poke at them or mildly stick out thier tongue.
Everybody of 'note' is spouting off congratulating each other,
praising everybody and everything. Some German prisoners discuss
the fight for Cassino with American parachutists. What a day. it
happens only once every twenty five years.
And what is s& even more astounding is that yours
truly had nary a single beer to cool off his excited brow. When
one has acute inflammation of the liver (prosaic what), demon
rum is o ut and out poison with none of the aleveating qulaities.
(Something tells me that my fingers are not behaving very well
this fine morning). Perhaps it is the thought of demon rum,

Knowing nothing of high strategy and being in a poor
position to find out, I cannot say with any assurance that I |
will be home at five o'clock June sécond. It may even be in
1948. That I doubt though as on my sleeve I now have four little
gold bars each one standing for six months, I hope they will earn
me a passage to Washington Place, and subito.

Please find the enclosed, acknowledge receipt, breath
through your knows?as its healthier and keep your-math shut, its
healthier also.

Worn and turned up at the toes, your
f
Lhyh_

