COMPTON ADVERTISING, ING
Rockefeller Center
630 Fifth Avenue, New York

Wednesday Noon

Dearest Momsies:
I was tickled to get you letter here at the office this morning
saying you were coming down this weekend for I had been looking
forward to your coming like the dickens.

I doubt very much if I can get off to meet you at the train as I
did the last time because Mr. Carter will be here and we will be
getting ready for a Wheatena meeting on Monday and therefore quite
busy, I imagine. So you wait for me in the lobby of the Commodore,
as you suggested, and I will get there just as soon as I can. If
it should get to be somewhat after five, don't get excieted, for I
will surely come.

We will love having you stay with us. I mentioned to the giris
that you might come and they are looking forward to it too. You
can try it, anyway, and you may be very comfortable. If not, you
can always go to a hotel, but I am giad you will give us a try
first. Will try to get things ship-shape the next two evenings.
Will not plan anything, as you suggested. There is always a lot
one can do in New York without planning.

How cute of you to send the letter here. I was disappointed when
I didn't get a letter from you at the house this morning, but all
is forgiven now. And I love your new, gay writing paper.

Pam called me up on Monday. She had gotten a letter from Fred, too.
She gave me his address so I dashed him off a few lines yesterday
in the hopes he would hear before he left. Pam came over for a visit
Monday evening and seemed to like our apartment and my roommates. She
wants you to come over to her apartment if you come dow. So we will
go over there perhaps Tuesday evening.

I have been lugging my umberella and rubbers every day this week and
really needed them this noon as it is pouring. It ought to be nice
the end of the week and next week after the awful weather of the last
three days.

NEW YORK - CHICAGO - CIN@INNATI - DETROIT - KANSAS CITY


Must get to work now. I may be working tonight, too, as Mr. Carter
is staying in town to get caught up on some things. Of course if he
is here it won't be bad at all!

So, auf wiedersehn until I see you on Friday.
Oodles of love,
Julia