0 Weatt
Governor Lester Maddox of Georiia sugsested sient
{hat citizens should let the air out of fil
school bus tires or actually destroy school
buses ae a means of stalling desegregation.
Maddox because of this statement should de il
seeeeted for Gonspiring and for trying t© south st
incite a riot.
But as we know Nixon and Mitchell would
never arrest Maddox, Nixon wants the South
fo back him up, and by arresting one of nS
fete “leaders” this Southern backing could Wj, spfia.
never be accomplished,
Cannal St.
But the Nixon Administration brought EIGHT
hen to court for conspiring and crossing = \“—\_
State lines to incite a riot. WHY? The —~
anewer ie simple, These eight men want to Fe
change the Anerican System, They want to hp,
Stine peace and justice. Bit the Nixons E
know that oy jailing these men and by tell-
ing the American Middle Class that these
men will corrupt your children, that many
Of the most active members of the movement
will be eliminated.
People who live in South America and Central
america are Americans too. North americans do not
have exclusive Tights to the name Americans .
Nixon wants the J.S Senate to Tatify the UN docu-
Rent thas will stop genocides, Does this mean that
Nixon and Mitchell will stop their attacks on the
Black Panther Party? Will the U.S drop ite charges
against the Chicago 8 ?
ceeeceencemecnmennnnacneeee — CaVe
We employ approximately 130,000 natives in So.
Vietnam. In addition, xe heip pay salaries of
approximately 1 uillion So, Vietnamese troops and
the support of 2 willion refugees.
Chiang Kai-shek still has martial law in effect in
Taiwan (National China) 20 years after taking over
that island.
Mayor, Lindsay gpeckine, ata convention of tty
pritcopale,estlaated “shat @ child wilt see 6-000
FS, OF television before he errolls in school.
"He has been taught to relax minor tensions with a
pill; to take off weight with a pills to win
Statue and sophistication with a cigarette; to
wake up, be happy, relieve tension with pills."
wo The poopie of Wand Be oN
You arey under the haSTER FLAN, to be forced from your
honest vari’? han voon selected for the site of an industrial
genplex, 90 the people of ward 2 will see a decrease in the
cemvices of the city and othur agencies, Look at the schools, —
ant the services they get; look a the "Hike for kolyoke" pxo-
fran and-you will find that doth the Lose) cities Genter and |
the unilé’e Fark are recieving the funds instead of the "Canal
Ingigtrial arew"™( better fom se vant 2) hich the city feels
ag 'a hich vacancy sete Tor rontsl unite", “he City hs a
hich provortion of older howsine nits which tend to have a
hick vasrany rate and are-difficalt to maintain and upgrade,"
Moot of the oalldints of the fizet "oa gveond wards are over
@ insted yoero ole
sve San wins the macivt Pali Se conplleted, for your kids
oun “ell vou th y {val cut off fron the rest of the city be-
cates of the proaja iced atzitutes of the upper verde. You
conpiain chit ters ig lack of thinrs to do. with the elim
feation "wrt 2, YOU of want 1 will be cub off from the xest
of th city ap the river, the indin'rial site, and the ventral
sasineas stecrict (Guy).' So now theytve boxed in the "Unde=
Xion ip ateiny abovt having SERIE m Royalty and
sreoiihieg sho uhite :ovge Guumie in outlandish und forza!
List wer Ji: wGalboiy SpLu0 't, in another of ie spoeckes
itaoke? “he "adh slaty!!! Now selze back in the fourteenth
estiry with sing Lovie axon I ind Prige ijntater Spiro 2.
dichelica, A Rosyos toy
