For exemple, in "P.0.D. Reports" it waa reported!that
) 256 of the seniors at H.B.S, Rave tried dmgs antlgé of ©
the juniors. However, the actual figures are that 32% of
‘the seniors have tried then and 25% of the juniors. We
do not mean tg quibble on 7% difference, but when the
Herald states that 2/3 of the classes péiidd have never
vq, tried drugs and stops, it ignores the percentages that
SE Ga not anewor the questionnaire, ant assuneo. that they're
| Nou-users. The whole tone of the article reduces the
Jty  problea of the drag situation in Holyoke.
S In the article on the dress code the éntire credit
JE for its realization was given to this year's Student Coun-
.* cil, Below is an article reprinted fro Free Purple in
=  isste Noai¥ in 1968. which should've been printed in the
7 Herald.
2] On Tuesday, October 15, Free Purple ed-
S" tors, Richard Nadeau and Steven’ ‘atmemade an
- appointment with Miss Fitzgerald of the main
1, office of HHS to see principal Raward J.
,° Moriarty in regards to the length of male
2 students’ hair, The petition was to be deli-
vered to the principal by six senior students.
Ss These were Nadeau and Blum, Pat Wrin, Gary
i Kallmeyer, Michael Perry, and marshall of
.. the class, Frank Rozelle. In total, the pet~
ES  ltion bore the signatures of more than half
the student body of HES, nearly 1200 signa-
= tures, Along with the petition, a list of
=  Tequests for changes in rules pertaining to
§ hair and dress was presented to Moriarty,
| dealing with the acceptance of culottes,
sideburns, and all types of pants and shirts.
: Arrangements have been made for a
; meeting with Superintendent of Schools,
! Marcella R, Kelly, in order to present to
; her the wishes of a majority of Holyoke
° High students. Let us hope that these will
not be disregarded.
the Little. bit about the Hamanities course is really
fauny seeing how it was printed during the middle of the
‘ew when the provisions mentionei were obviously not
going to be realized,
luaybe the Herald should stick to writing about foot.
ball ganes ani the ord. SOS YO Mekouski vo
ON KULIGAAMA INCORPORASD
Down throught the agesend all the dreadful holocausts
that man hes unleashed upon himself, one form stands out that
man has never been able to abolish — art. Yes, oven in Holy-
oke, there is a viable working center of art with ite strictur-
al facilities located on High and Appleton Streets. Recently,
fron February 18=21, the people of Kultarane presented a highly
professional and entertaining production of the "Sound of Mus~
cM" in the Holyoke high School auditorium. ‘he vast complica
‘ons involved in presenting such a play $0 successfully should
show to the people of Holyoke the great potential and talent
which lies within our boundaries brought out bt this organiza
ion, Other activities are a Civil.Choral Society, an art ine
struction progran, art displays, and other varied incidental
Prograns. Although these prograns are few in number and are
mainly taking place in one facility, the dedication and poten-
‘ial is there, however, in orier to contine and expand these
volunteer and'minimm-expense programs, Kulturana is running
into the old capitalistic protlem of lack of funds, We urge
‘the community to support upconing nattors related to Kulture
ana's financial situation, to keep alive one of the fex good,
constructive prograns within Holyoke.
Steve Makowski
Saturday night et Eigs
Bance to the sounds of the POLICE,
Have you noticed all the URAFPIC on HIGH street lately?
Out at the gossip fences
"Say Thelma, did you read the names of then thar tex-evaiers
in the paper the other night?"
“Yeah, Claire, ain't It a shane?"
3 thst does the flag mean to you?
