Ҫ doctor spock

Dr. Benjamin Spock, the noted ped-
iatrician and social dissenter, arrived
on the campus of Westfield State College i
February 5. Scheduled to speak in the
auditorium at 8, Spock consented to two
informal discussion groups, before and
after his spesch, It was in these in-
promptu bull-sessions that controversial
issues were discussed without the usual
rhetoric applied in large gatherings.
However, in order to set a basis for this
report, a general understanding of Spock's
comments is necessary.

On the subject of Victnam, a strange
transition overtook the countenance of
this sixty-six year old peace-seeking
physician. Watching his face redden with
anger, I became enthrelled by the enthu-
siasm he employed in his statements, Ac-
cusing President Johnson of betrayal, he
outlined his previous support of the
chief executive in his 1964 campaign,
when peace and non-involvement were
stressed as major campaign issues. Later,
as the opposite became true, Spock began
writing letters urging the President to
alter his position, However, escalation
continued ang Spock became more militant,
Using the establishment-cursed processes
of picketing, sit-ins, and large demon-
strations, he attempted to reach the syn-
pathies of the American populace. Instead,
he found himself arrested for his pvatriot-
ism and brought to trial, itself a mockery,
rivaled only by the Chicago 7 escapade
that was recently finished, His attacks
on militarism end the occupants of the
Presidency since Kennedy were well-found~
ed, and his objections to compromise were
refreshing in @ man now overcome with age.
To finish off his commentary on the sub-
ject, he interjected that Nixon could
not stop himself, we must stop him.

On the issue of student rights, Ben-
jamin Spock hit an extremely sympathetic
chord with nis audience, Outlining the
studgents' actions at Columbia and Harvard,
he interpreted these actions as desperate
attempts for academic freedom. Although
he understood these actions, he urged #11
students to try all legal procedures for
reform before extreme action was under=
taken. Excitement permeated the walls of
the auditorium as Dr. Spock drove home
his arguments for student responsibility.
The administration found little or no
support from this speaker.

On the subject of national leaders,
the guest s.eaker became nescimistic.
Hardly entaralled with the Republican
party and its representative in the white
House, Spock turned to the Democrats, a-
gain finding disillusionment. Hubert Ra
Humphrey had been disemboweled by the
sharp political knife of Johnson. Ted
Kennedy had suffered grave political in-
juries at Chappaquidnitk, and other Demo-
cratic liberals nad been too silent, eith-
er afraid or not totally committed. He
urged the formation of a major political
party on the left of the Democratic Party -
which would gather its strength from the
strong but disorganized New Left. Its
