7
Peace is not gun 4
Pesce is not wars
Peace is not killing rors
Peace is not stealing “No bastard
Peace is loving everyone 4 ever won @ war
Peace is fibwere by dying for
Peace is as sweet as iittie girte by dyine J
Peace is caring for each other Fy ith d
Peace is one family of man eee ees
Peace is freedom 5 making the
Feace is justice = other poor
Peace is love _ dumb bastard =
Peace is just peace @ dieforhis =
; and I hope it will stay that way == country...” =a
your friend Generar, =
Norna Brown SHORES. earrox,an, ==
(Norma is a fourth-grade student _ =
at P.S. 43,) il
FOUR SXPSLLSD AT CATHEDRAL z=
an officiel at vathedral nich School, srin-field, re-
Jeused the following statemont the dy after tie meeting of
all parties concerned: "The gublishing of © newsrapor ocontly
circulated at Cathedral Kish School has boon thoroushly invest
igated. ‘his :ublication vas a delitemie oxculeted attack on
the philosophy, discipline, snd ecucational orcesses to which
Cathedral Hissh nas been secicated since its founding." SO wilaT?
Lt appenis thet the officials of ui thedral hich School are
totally self-righteous. Ky the avove siztenent (and the act
ions taken ajainst che students) one can inte-pret positively
that Cathedral High has the perfect wdicational gyctom, ‘There
fore, ay crivician uF sail syster is wholly anjuct ant uncaliea
for, RIGHT??? uy, ny, Utonia has finily arrived in Spring-
fiela! Paronts, onroll your chilaren at vaihecral now, for Uhe
perfect od cation! 74
P.3. how come iiolyoke won the sellany «ward? , pape
MOMMASAN 2 Hoe
ye
Pointed straw hat oF
of Mother Nature's A. society which comes to
generous hand, fear its children ix eitete.
redilips of FM 2 -viveting, Honiton
beetlennt Bea Bie secen tetion iene
woman of half i. % ed onaiang, fel
century labor. bes ‘will inherit a lawless society
sad where emotion and musele
industrious worker, jl TT augue:
one of earth's ~ xeraity, Jute 7
chosen tillers, Pe ‘
handmaiden of a ae |
war
7
that recruits through 9 “en
the pains of hunger,
A half truth, half facade
smile
plays hide and seek WANTED: ‘LAW AND ORDER’
with teeth of gold.
And at its end.... vou bad
Loca police do a good jo
confusion, fear, anger, prevering cme 1! 70% 16%
and love knots. a TA
Poles shouahae nore power SMH 85%
ee ee
PROSTITUTE ‘Suspects who mi pmmit another
cimwtcinwiiorconetowistsods GBI 23%
dancing dollies eee vse
ltkelteicles Back mints ave on treated to
on a hot stove feninty SE ax
Cizrled on TY PA Se
and eee Sorento: have been Fo} 1%
little tadpoles New: ie, oef
Brisker zs seek ¢ by seems
and scurried
to a quieter place,
William H, -2ith qney
: iwilyfA™ Dead?
a The Sileif mejarilyfA™ Dead:
