C.9 Trial — cxetusive to aaraxmma

The trial of the D.C, Nine lasted ftom
February 3 to February 10. They were charged
with second degree burglary and two counts.of
property destruction from their March 22, 1969
raid on the Washington offices of the Dow
Chemical Company, when they spilled human
Plood and destroyed office files and equipmant.
They sought to expose and condemn Dow's manu-
facture of napalm ( although they have recent-
ly lost that contract, they still make poly-
styrene, a vital jngredient ); defoliants
which cause birth defects and starvation in
Vietnam; Dow's past and present connections
with the I.G. Farben Co.- a huge German
chemical firm whose officials were tried for
war crimes at Nuremburg; Dow's willingness 6
to exploit anyone at home and abroad for pro-
fit; and Dow's pressures on legislators to
manipulate policy for Dow's profit. The D.C.
Nine assert the rights of people over prop=
erty and profits.

The trial itself was a farce. Judge John
Pratt's rulings were so restrictive that the
defendants were continuously prevented fron
speaking to the issues. In his dental of the
Nine to self-representation and his later
rulings that any defendant who even mentioned
Vietnam in his testimony would be jailed for
contempt, it became clear that Judge Pratt's
interest was only in getting the trial over
as fast as possibie. Other rulings forbade
picketing or leafleting in frontoof the court~
house, excluded members of the defense com-
mittee from the courtroom, and in the latter
part of the trial forced spectators to wait
their turn outside the courthouse in the cold
rain, Midway through the trial, two of the
defendants, Rev. Bernard Meyer and Mrs. Cath
erine Melville, entered pleas of “no contest”
to one count of property destruction, feeling
that they could no longer continue with such
a farce. They face ten years each,

The jury éonvicted the other seven of
both counts of property destruction, but re-
fused to convict then of second degree burg-
lary, recognizing the absence of criminal
intent, and instead convicted them of the
lesser offense of illegal entry. Arthur Mel-
ville, Rev. Michael Dougherty, S.J., and
Michael Slaski were cited for contempt
for attempts to express themselves. All sev-
en were jailed overnight after the convic-
tion before regaining bond the next morn-
ing: an exercise of repression and petti-
ness on the part of Judge Pratt, One of the
defense lawyers, Phillip Hirschkop, was
cited for contempt and sentenced to thirty
days in jail, wich he 1s appealing. No
date has been set for sentencing. Arthur
Melville; Rev, Joseph O'Rourke,S.J.3 Sre
Joann Malone,S.I.; Rev. lougherty; Slaski;
Rev. Robert Begin; and Rev. Dennis Moloney
face twenty years. An appeal is planned—
money is needed. Contributions and requests
for more information (an excellent pamphlet
exposing the evil guts of dow ts available
for 25¢) should be sent to the D.C. Nine De~
fense Committee, 1620 "S" St. N.W., Wash-
ington, D.C. 20009. by
= Suzi Williems
