	Students tell each other of their gripes about the rules and regulations that govern the school. We too have gripes. We will complain and give solutions to remedy the faults we see in this school. We are asking you, students and teachers, to give us your complaints and if possible solutions or suggestions to mend them. Write to us (see pg.3) or give us your ideas, suggestions, and complaints in school.

Suggested Reform #1
	The concept of "The Study Hall” is strangely intriguing. Nearly ninety students are lumped together in one room for fifty minutes and are expected to remain absolutely silent. Students who dare oppose the rules may be thrown out and given detention.

	The staff of the ORACLE is suggesting a plan of correction:
	1) Make room 126 a "talking room", Students who have study may go
	there to talk.
	2) Make the cafeteria or two or three consecutive rooms into "study
	rooms". Here you are obliged to study, read, etc. without talking.

Room 126 should be made the “talking room" because it is secluded from other class rooms, preventing the disturbance of classes in progress. Taking attendance would not cause a major problem. Attendance would be taken in each room, the names would then go to a “study room" where the teacher will check attendance from a list of names of students who have study at that time. Wouldn't this system cause students not to study? NO! 
	Most students who would go to the “talking room" would not study anyway, we would be helping the student who wants to learn, by eliminating the noise which prevents concentration and learning.
	Many will scorn and say this could not possibly work. Why not try our plan on a trial basis? If you agree or disagree… let us know!

									- ORACLE staff

			Do you know of any clothes that could be
			put to better use then lying around that 
			closet? In South City (Holyoke), they
			may be put to good use. Please donate
			what you can to the clothing drive going
			on now at H.H.S. A white box is outside
			the office on the first floor, Donations
			will be accepted and appreciated for the
			remainder of the year, Are you warm?
			Some in Holyoke freeze.
			
