SUPER SHOW

5400 people gathered in Boston Garden on Set. March 8 for Super
Show with Country Joe & The Fish, Sam and Dave, The Grassroots, Ian and
Sylvia, and The James Cottion Blues Band,,

Althowgh Noon was the beginnin time, it wasn't till 12:45 when Ian
and Sylvia started it. all off with the Bob Dylan, Rick Danko song, "This
Wheelts On Fire", Sylvia looked like a beautiful child in a little-girl
lavender Iace dress, Ian was wearin a white turtleneck, blue pants, an
boots.

Their voices an Jan's electric~folk guitanm were backed by a lead
guitar, a bass guitar, an drums, All of these people had just flown in
from New York where they'd played a set at the Fillmore East the might
before, Here there was trouble with the sound system, Even though the
words werentt comin through too clearly, their Country & Western (CRA =
Rock=Folk sound was still there despite the lack of audience support.

They next went into blues with "C.C.Rider"’. Sylviats strong,
wailin voice plus a sole by each musician gave the old song a new sound.

By this time their steel guitaz pleyer had finally shown up. With
him altermatin between steel an banjo, they did a fantastic experimental
C&W Rock song called "Southern Comfort",

Jimmy Orr had,the next song dedicated to him. "The Woman is a
Girl"—a beautiful, soft thing with Sylvia singin an playin the piano.

The last song was dedicated to good ole Jerry Lee Lewis, a C&W Rock
song written by Hal David an Burt Bacherach called "24 Nours To Tulsai,

The majority a the audience didn't dig em too much (I was in the
minority) an shoved it by their non-applause, But WMEX'ts Cousin Duffy,
the MC, praised em for startin off the show an fightin a not-too-good
sound system.

Dave Potvin (Continued next issue.)
CONGRATULATIONS

Our congratulations to the few student dissenters at Community
College who made the new changes possible. All will reap from the new
benefits even though it was a minority that campaigned for change.
Special recognition should go to Mr. William Wilkinson, :

We must also thank the teachers who voted for the reforms. They
have played a great part in non-violence. Now if the administration
will carry out the new changes to their capacity with open minds and no
hard feelings, we might be witnessing the first step by the (Cont.)
