					SUPER SHOW

	5400 people gathered in Boston Garden on Sat. March 8 for Super Show with Country Joe & The Fish, Sam and Dave, The Grassroots, Ian and Sylvia, and The James Cotton Blues Band.
	Although Noon was the beginning time, it wasn't till 12:45 when Ian and Sylvia started it all off with the Bob Dylan, Rick Danko song, "This Wheel’s On Fire”. Sylvia looked like a beautiful child in a little-girl lavender Iace dress. Ian was wearin a white turtleneck, blue pants, an boots.
	Their voices an Jan's electric-folk guitar were backed by a lead guitar, a bass guitar, an drums. All of these people had just flown in from New York where they'd played a set at the Fillmore East the night before. Here there was trouble with the sound system. Even though the words weren’t comin through too clearly, their Country & Western (C&W)-Rock-Folk sound was still there despite the lack of audience support.
	They next went into blues with "C.C.Rider". Sylvia’s strong, wailin voice plus a solo by each musician gave the old song a new sound.
By this time their steel guitar player had finally shown up. With him alternating between steel an banjo, they did a fantastic experimental C&W Rock song called "Southern Comfort".
	Jimmy Orr had the next song dedicated to him. "The Woman is a Girl"—a beautiful, soft thing with Sylvia singin an playin the piano.
	The last song was dedicated to good ole Jerry Lee Lewis, a C&W Rock song written by Hal David an Burt Bacharach called "24 Nours To Tulsa”.
	The majority a the audience didn't dig em too much (I was in the minority) an showed it by their non-applause, But WMEX's Cousin Duffy, the MC, praised em for startin off the show an fightin a not-too-good sound system.

							- Dave Potvin 	(Continued next issue.)

					ONGRATULATIONS

	Our congratulations to the few student dissenters at Community College who made the new changes possible. All will reap from the new benefits even though it was a minority that campaigned for change. Special recognition should go to Mr. William Wilkinson.
	We must also thank the teachers who voted for the reforms. They have played a great part in non-violence. Now if the administration will carry out the new changes to their capacity with open minds and no hard feelings, we might be witnessing the first step by the (Cont.)


