We are bending with the times, Starting the school year 969.-*70
the School Dept. will enact another stage of student programing under
the guise of a Sex Education course.

A true Sex Education course would teach the biological and emo-
tional functions of the human body. Masterbation, Menopause, contra-
ceptives and the effect of puberty on the maturing mind should be part
of such a course, In reality next years Sex Ed. course sole purpose
will be to set a moral code for students. The effectiveness of the
school's aim, of programming students, will be extensive, since the
course will begin in the first grade. The course will be mandatory
leaving no student untouched, The cirricvlum will probably consist of
a poster or picture showing two people “making out* with the caption
“Do you know what this CAN lead to,"

We hope that this course, in instilling morals on students, is
VaRY UNSUCCESFUL,
be afraid to die until you have won some victory for humanity
and you know something is happening HERE - but YOU don’t know what it is

—- DO you mR, JONES ?
ee a ee ee a ee we EE ENE EEE HE HER REE EE EEN Ee mee
Complaints! complaints! complaints! most of your criticism has been
complaints. We don’t want complaints! We don't expect everyone to agree
with what we print. We are trying to show you a broad picture of what
is happening - the whole movement, We want arugement, We want to dis-
rupt your suttle ways of thinking. We oppose your conformed manners.
We are challenging you to air your views, We want to rattle your minds
and present views you would not ordinarly obtain, on the oppressor, the
status quo, white radicals, black militants. This is a challenges
wE DARE YOU TO WRITE FOR THIS PAYERi CUT US DOWN! BREAK US! THIS IS
Ay INVATATION TO MAKE YOUR PROGRAMM=D MAIPULATED MINDS REACT.

You know there is starvation, poverty, illiteracy, bigotry, in this
country, What we cannot stand, is to see you sit back and DO NOTHING
ABOUT IT!
the letter printed in the last issue was not faiseified, it was receiv-
ed by our office exactly as printed,

on saturdéay JUNE 1 ther will be MAY is here and grapes must |
a Seminar on URBAN CRISIS ~ at 15 GOoees
Hamilton -South City-more info.later Boycott GRAPES
