Boy’s and Girls

How many times have your teachers referred to you and your fellow
students as “boys and girls?" If you think about it, you can possibly
recall hundreds of times when some teacher called you this and you can
remember hundreds of other times when the admistration told you that as
young men and women you must accept the responsibilities of adults. For
years you have been accepting thes responsibilities and getting nowheres
The teachers just keep shrugging off more of their responsibilities on
to you, the students, and allow you to suffer through your lives because
of the lack of a good education.

You have been taking their shit and their responsibilities for too
long. It is time to acept your own rew responsibilities, the responsi-
bilities or forming a new and better system of education in which no
one will be discriminated against. Where you can wear your hair as long
as you wish, where teachers and students shall respect each other and
last. where you will be taught not only to remember certain people and
places but to understand these reopvlé and ideas.

Not until a good system of education is established in which
everyone will be taught to understand their fellow man will the hate
that plagues our world today be overcome by love and understanding.

Lonnie Bitch
RHR LAA RHINE KEARNS ER RENEE ET HHH OH oN EER RRR
What our educational institutions are trying to do is make us ex-
actly what they are, manipulated puppets eager to be controlled by an
authoritarian power, The institution of higher learning has become a
research lab for the mass execution of the people of other countries.
ee ee cr a en se en ee ee we oe EHH RHEE REE EERE KEKE RHEE

Black people wanted to be like white people. They went to school
to get out of the ghetto, to make it in the white world, Now blacks
are proud of themselves, They want to know their own heritage and cul-
ture. They want to be black. They don’t want to take away from the
whites-they just want to bring their own community up with white comru-
nity. That what it’s all about.

Uwezo

student at Valley State

LIFE March 14, 1969
o------0------- 0------- 0-~ +--+ 0----- 0--- += 0-0 + 0 += - 0 = + 0
There are 2200 Elk’s Club members in Holyoke. Of these, ~ one Jew
(by mistake) and no blacks are members. HOW COME?
