Editorial
The time hes come for the!Vaniching American! to waise his voice in
protest against: this white racist society, which has made him a slave in
his own land.
The time has come for him to raise his fist in anger; to demand his
land and the establishment of treaties tin$ will not be broken,
Our red brother has been subjected to ths soet inhuman living and working
standards in his ovn land. .HIS LIVING CO’ 0f2IONS: 15,000 thousand Indian
Femilies live in unsanitary, dilapitated dwellings, many in huts, shanties
even abandoned automobiles, POOR EDUCATION: 50% of Indian schoolchildren
double the netional average- drop out before completing high school, In«
dien literacy rates are among the lovest in’the nattion. HEALTH cOMDITIO:.«
the average age of death is 43~ for a white 63; trachoma, an infectuous
eye disease that: often causes blindness~ virtually non-existant in the
U.S. is prevelent on the reservations, Middle ear infections ere so
widespread that on some reservations a quarter of the children have sufi-
fured prnanent hearing loss, Pneumonia death rates are twice as high as
whites. INCOME AMD JOPS: unemployuent ranres from 40-7575 compared with
49% for the entire nation, The rates of income everage 30 dollars a veel,
Sickness and poverty on reservations are among the highest in the nation,
All this and the U.S. Bureau of Indian affairs is seeking to destroy
the proud characteristics of the Indian, Children wre taken from their
varents and sent to school wheré enything Indien* dress, language, reli-
gous practices, even outlooks on life- were un compromisingly prohibited,
The Indian hes simply failed to melt into the great American melting
pot! and for this he is doomed, The Indian exist today as the most. abu-
sed person on earth, Our Indian peliey ha. produced only failure after
failure. We must begin to reform. As a first step the Bureau of Tnudian
Affairs must be liquidated because it is incredibly inefficient and un-
responsive to the need of ‘modern" Indians, Most BIA personel still oper-
ate on 19th century attitudes of the Indians as childlike wards of the
government. BIA is distrusted andeven hated by most Tildians.
suggested reading: NMants Rise to Civilization as Shown by the Indians
of North America from Primeval Times to the Coming of the Industrial
State
by Peter Farb
This white racist attitude has murdered the Indian- Glyg THEM BACK
THEIR LANDS?! a
