					Editorial

	The time has come for the “Vanishing American” to raise his voice in protest against this white racist society, which has made him a slave in his own land.
	The time has come for him to raise his fist in anger, to demand his land and the establishment of treaties that will not be broken. Our red brother has been subjected to the most inhuman living and working standards in his own land. HIS LIVING CONDITIONS: 15,000 Indian Families live in unsanitary, dilapidated dwellings, many in huts, shanties, even abandoned automobiles. POOR EDUCATION: 50% of Indian school children – double the national average – drop out before completing high school. Indian literacy rates are among the lowest in the nation. HEALTH CONDITIONS the average age of death is 43- for a white 63; trachoma, an infectious eye disease that often causes blindness – virtually non-existent in the U.S. – is prevalent on the reservations. Middle ear infections are so widespread that on some reservations a quarter of the children have suffered permanent hearing loss. Pneumonia death rates are twice as high as
whites. INCOME AND JOBS: unemployment ranges from 40-75% compared with 4% for the entire nation. The rates of income average 30 dollars a week. Sickness and poverty on reservations are among the highest in the nation. 
	All this and the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs is seeking to destroy the proud characteristics of the Indian. Children are taken from their parents and sent to school where anything Indian – dress, language, religious practices, even outlooks on life – were uncompromisingly prohibited. The Indian has simply failed to melt into the great American “melting pot”, and for this he is doomed. The Indian exists today as the most abused person on earth, Our Indian policy has produced only failure after failure. We must begin to reform. As a first step the Bureau of Indian Affairs must be liquidated because it is incredibly inefficient and unresponsive to the needs of “modern" Indians. Most BIA personnel still operate on 19th century attitudes of the Indians as childlike wards of the government. BIA is distrusted and even hated by most Indians.

	suggested reading: MAn’s Rise to Civilization as Shown by the Indians of North America from Primeval Times to the Coming of the Industrial State

							by Peter Farb
—----------------------------------------------------------—----------------------------------

This white racist attitude has murdered the Indian - GIVE THEM BACK THEIR LANDS!!


