SUPERSHOW: PART 4

It was definite that we had to leave Boston Garden by 3:45. With
The Grassroots and Courtry Joe and The Fish still to play, there was
only enough time for a 20 minute set, ‘The Grassroots, realizing that
more people came to see Country Joe, steprei Cowne

At 3:25, Country Joe and The Fish seme on with a surprise for us.
Two guys from Big Brother and the Holding Co. were playin with then--
David Getz on drums an Peter Albin on wess, Country Joe looked a lot
different--he wore an Indian headband around his shorter hair an he had
a mustache, Lead guitarist Barry Meltcn was wearin shades an his curly
hair was down to his shoulders, just about coverin his whole face.

“Let's hear it for the good guys,’ yelled Joe an the audience
applauded. But when he yelled, “Let’s hear it for the bad guys," the
Garden was full of boos.

They then went into “Christy's Blucs* with Joe doin the vocal
while droppin to the floor an writhin around on the stage.

Melton was goin crazy$ He roamed all over the stage doin fantastic
things on his guitar. He often went over to the cops standin in front
a the stage an stood right on top of tnem, shakin his hair an playin
his guitar right at them, This was pron.bly in retaliation for the run-
in with the cops they had the night before.

Country Joe played guitar on the next song with Melton singin, an
Joe joinin him on the chorus. Melton again went over an mocked the men
in blue durin the instrumental part a the song. After awhile he got
tired a playin with them so he found another target. There was a crew-
man or someone on the stage so Melton ran over an fake-rammed the neck
of his guitar into his stomach,

They only had about five more minutes t go so they decided t doa
four-letter word cheer, You could see the cops gettin uptight when they
said this, But they went on, yellin, "Give me an L,” “L," "Give me an
0,* *0,"* “Give me a V," "V," "Give me an £," "E,*, What's that spell?"

‘LOVE, ‘What's that spell?" ‘LOVE,’ "What's that spell?" “LOVE{*
The audience response, though, wasn’t exactly the greatest.

They immediately went into their famous (infamous?) "I Feel Like
I'm Fixin To Die Rag*. The song, their sarcastic commentary on the
Viet-Nam War, was done a little differently than on the record, but
sounded just as goode

This was when I started wonderin what was gonna happen in a few
minutes when our time limit ended, Some people shouted, “We won’t go,”

(Cont. )
