SUPERSHOW: PART 4

	It was definite that we had to leave Boston Garden by 3:45. With The Grassroots and Country Joe and The Fish still to play, there was only enough time for a 20 minute set. The Grassroots, realizing that more people came to see Country Joe, stepped down.
	At 3:25, Country Joe and The Fish came on with a surprise for us. Two guys from Big Brother and the Holding Co. were playin with them – David Getz on drums an Peter Albin on bass. Country Joe looked a lot different – he wore an Indian headband around his shorter hair an he had a mustache. Lead guitarist Barry Melton was wearin shades an his curly hair was down to his shoulders, just about coverin his whole face.
	“Let's hear it for the good guys,’ yelled Joe an the audience applauded. But when he yelled, “Let’s hear it for the bad guys," the Garden was full of boos.
	They then went into “Christy's Blues” with Joe doin the vocal while droppin to the floor an writhin around on the stage.
	Melton was goin crazy! He roamed all over the stage doin fantastic things on his guitar. He often went over to the cops standin in front a the stage an stood right on top of them, shakin his hair an playin his guitar right at them, This was probably in retaliation for the run-in with the cops they had the night before.
	Country Joe played guitar on the next song with Melton singin, an Joe joinin him on the chorus. Melton again went over an mocked the men in blue durin the instrumental part a the song. After awhile he got tired a playin with them so he found another target. There was a crew-man or someone on the stage so Melton ran over an fake-rammed the neck of his guitar into his stomach.
	They only had about five more minutes t go so they decided t do a four-letter word cheer. You could see the cops gettin uptight when they said this, But they went on, yellin, "Give me an L,” “L," "Give me an “O,” “O," “Give me a V," "V," "Give me an E," "E,”. “What's that spell?" “LOVE,” “What's that spell?" “LOVE,” "What's that spell?" “LOVE!” The audience response, though, wasn’t exactly the greatest.
	They immediately went into their famous (infamous?) "I Feel Like I'm Fixin To Die Rag”. The song, their sarcastic commentary on the Vietnam War, was done a little differently than on the record, but sounded just as good
	This was when I started wonderin what was gonna happen in a few minutes when our time limit ended. Some people shouted, “We won’t go.”
										(Cont. )
