when the curfew was announceés _ Considering Country Joe's radical in-
- fluence, I-figured he could =. a@.confrontation very easily by. cont-
; inuing t pley. Therefore, T vas disappointed when at the ‘end of @tFixin
To Die” they quit. ° : "one Nene =
Tt wasn’t till later that I found out the reasons for their ‘Bbop-
erativeness. It seems that when the group arrived in Boston, the Police
Dept. immediately advised them to watch their step. Also, the followin
day they were givin a benefit concert in New York to raise funds for
YIPPIE! non-leader Jerry Rubin whe was busted for grasso
Despite the sound problems at the beginnin an the curtailement of
time, the whole afternoon proved t be truly a Supershow. THE END.
ceunwutlseeccniuned-Sqteteere- cena ceeeEdeene TEN ween nnnaenes
Up to 1868, nearly 400 treaties had been signed by the U.S. Govern-
ment with various Indian groups, and scarcely a one had remained un-
broken. The Indians were promised new lands, then moved off them to
some other placee They were shifted about again and again, as many as
five or six times. All of which led the Sioux chief Spotted Tail to
ask wearily: "Why does not the Great White Father put his red children
on wheels, so he can move them as he will?"
ee Ss ae
WE WANT EQUAL TIME
If the Administration will let the Marines have an assembly--
let an assembly with a one-sided view on drugs be held~-give out anti-
Communist propaganda to be put up in every room--give out our names to
the Armed Forces so that we will receive their propaganda--why not have
members of the Black Movement, the National Mobilization Committee,
YIPPIE!, Students for a Democratic Society, come and talk to us--if we
are to be brainwashed from the Right--let's play fair--let the Left in,
a ae Seeger nominee nn meme ee ce bre cml wm sca cn nae re rei ete ny evionnnige prea
MDS GENERAL MEETING
Sprinsfield Area Movement for a Democratic Society will hold a
general meeting at the Unitarian Church, 245 Porter Lake Drive, Spring.,
on May 19, 8:00 P.M. The reason for the meeting is to discuss the Free
School MDS has decided to begin in Springfield this summer. Anyone
and everyone 18 welooMe. oo att nnn nn nneem en en cece nen een nnne
In loyalty to their kind,
They cannot tolerate our minds.
In loyalty to our kind, e
We cannot tolerate their obstruction. Airplane
