(a letter from Allen Ginsberg to the Secretary of the Treasury)

Dear Mr. Kennedy,

	This is a response to your department's notice of 11 July,'69, concerning tax assessments against me (SS10222430) for $1,488.68 plus interest asserted as $21.25 for 1968.
	I am not able to pay this money into our Treasury to be spent in the continuing illegal and immoral effort to kill or subdue more Vietnamese people. I have retained attorneys with regard to your claim against me and am instructing them to present the appropriate documents and authorities to your office as necessary to manifest my anxiety and inability to pay for this painful
war.
	I'm obliged to inform you that I spent all the modest amount of money I earned last year keeping myself alive and helping others maintain their lives. 
	You should also know that I am physically, mentally, and morally unable to earn money to pay
for the Vietnam war. The basic Traditional ethics of my profession as poet prohibits me from assigning money earned, incidental to the publication of literary compositions pronouncing the inhumanity, ungodliness and contra patriotic nature of this war for funding the very same war.
	My strongest religious feelings of divine nature and person; so I wish to acknowledge the divine in yourself by clearly explaining to you that I conscientiously object to, and am incapable of, medically incapable of, paying money into the Treasury for war use in Vietnam. Equally clear is
the awareness that so much as I may finance violence to others, equal measure of such violence shall be returned inevitably to my own person. I am absolutely afraid of this retribution!
	As my religious apprehensions and convictions and psychological conditions prevent my paying income tax through to the Treasury for Vietnam War, an equally commanding practical awareness of socially and economically deprived millions of persons in America prevent me from supporting an inequitable and unfair tax system which places the cost of a horrific war so heavily upon poor, ecologically disorientated, and hungry people, and transfers so much money as profit to investors in questionable military-industrial enterprises, and in cares in consequence to this constitutionally inappropriate war.
	I'm willing to pay your tax assessment by donating what money I will have to any tax exempt
program acceptable to your Department which will benefit money-poor Americans, or protect natural resources wasted as consequence of war hastes.
	I humbly request an appointment to meet with you with my attorneys to discuss the policy decision which you must soon make as to how the numbers of persons who feel as I do are going to be treated by your Department. We plan to offer reasonable alternatives to paying taxes supporting the Vietnam War. I can't live in peace with myself and pay taxes into a fund which goes directly into the Vietnam War. This prospect has made me physically ill. Thus, if our tax system is so inequitable that it cannot find a reasonable alternative such as payment of these taxes into a fund which is not used in this war, I will be relieved to go to jail rather than pay money to the war, or take other steps.

								– Allen Ginsberg


Next Issue: Excerpts of an interview with Allen at UMass this summer.

Y’all want change
Y’all don't like what's happening
Tired of hearing the same old rhetoric?
JOIN US!



