Cleaver, ex-convict (possession of narcotics, 2 1/2 years; assault with intent to murder, nine years) and best selling author (SOUL on ICE).

Up Against The Wall M.F.A anarchist-terrorist group operating on N.Y.'s Lower East Side. UAW/MF is the street-fighting wing of SDS. It has lent its name as the rallying cry of
the Columbia revolt and now of the Movement in general. Looking like a motorcycle gang with ideology, the heavily bearded M.F.'s consider it their duty not only to make revolution but to disrupt society with shouts, curses, and anything else that comes to hand.


					WOODSTOCK

	A few years ago we heard about a strange happening in Sunnyland California. It was called the Monterey Pop Festival and just about every group we had heard of was there; the acid-rockers, hard-rockers, blues screamers, folk singers poem-dreamers. In the last few years since Monterey, the acids have gotten stronger, the blues harder, the folk simpler, and the dreams more beautiful. Echos are floating like freedom in the minds of the Earth's young. And we, along with everybody else in this movement, have said that our lifestyle is better than anybody else's. We have said that freedom is better than order, communes are better than capitalistic businesses, and peace is far better than war.
	In mid-August, in Bethel N.Y., on some cat’s (Max Yasgur) farm, we proved it. We gathered our
bands, our grass and ourselves, and created a city of peace and a feeling of communism and of love.
	It rained on our farm, and the 400,000 people who had gathered there (there were supposedly only gonna be 50,000 a day) got muddy. But we still dug it well, fed each other, kept each other as dry as possible and as high as possible.
	The music was utterly fantastic! The groups and people played so well that you couldn't help
staying high. A commune known as the Hog Farm helped everybody with free organic food, and there was free medicine, free lakes, and the concerts were free too, although many people had paid ahead of time. But even those who got burnt for concert tickets didn't care because the freedom of the concerts added to their high.
	The music went on for three days, each day, twelve hours a day. Anybody you can think of played. Among the most memorable were Canned Heat Creedence Clearwater Revival, Jefferson Airplane, The Who, Richie Havens,(who received about four standing ovations), and Mountain, a new group started by the guy who produced the Cream.
	Some bad acid went around, but that and traffic jams were the only hassles.
	The days were spent sitting in the sunlight getting high, swimming and talking to good people, and listening to and seeing the greatest groups and people in the music scene.
	It might not have been so intimate as Monterey, but then it wasn't able to be. It was the third largest city in New York State, and it was made up of freaks, and it worked and came off beautifully. If your parents ever tried it they would've killed, burnt, and fought each other. It just goes to show who's on the right side of this life.
	We'll all be rapping about it five years from now, it was that high. Even the straight papers are calling it the most amazing get together in the history of the world because we got together and made-music, peace, and love – not war.
	Grow your mind as well as your hair.

						PEACE,
							Jimny Niss


A COALITION OF MODERATES, RADICALS, REVOLUTIONARIES AND FREE THINKERS ARE GETTING TOGETHER AN ORGANIZATION. JOIN IT! BE PART OF THE PLATFORM MAKING BODY.  BE AT THE YWCA, 315 MAPLE ST. on OCT. 1, at 7:30.

		POWER TO THE PEOPLE!



