The MOVEMENT

Who? Why? What is the MOVEMENT? Who are the tar-

gets? Who are the theorists? Who are the guerril-

las? The troubadours? The martyrs? What are some
of the tactics? Equipment? Symbols? We will try to
give you a picture of the Movement, with a little
help from Esquire.

Theorists AND Stylists

Herbert Marcuse;A critic of capitalism (and Russ-
ian "Stalinism")rather then a formulator
of the new society, the 70yr. old German
born Marxist philosopher and gentle class-
room questioner at Univ. of California,
has become a culture hero in the past year
His concept of “repressive tolerance" —
that society allows dissent as long as it
is ineffective, thus frustrating change—
is a base for expanding the limits of
active defiance.

Tom Hayden;New Leftist prototype, his journey from
liberal reformer to revolutionary marks
the Movement's path. He worked in the So.,
wrote the 1962 Port Huron Statement set-
ting up Students for a Democratis Society,
lived and organized in the Newark ghetto
traveled to Morth Vietnam, A chief archi-
tect of confrontation politics: “expos-
ing the System" by forcing it to react to
challenges with strong police action.

Dave Dellinger;The build, face and clothes of a
Justice Dept. lawyer he has been arrested
at least ten times since 1940, when he re-
fused to register for the Selective Ser-
vice, although exempt as a seminarian.
Did three years. As chairman of National
Mobilization Committee, the Yale educated
editor of LIBERATION headed demonstrations
by diverse groups at the Pentagon and

/ Chicago.

David J. Miller;On October 15,1965 the twenty-two

year-old Catholic Worker pacifist climbed
-onto a platform outside the . Whitehall St.
induction center in New York, borrowed a
lighter and burned his draft card. Three
days later,SIX F.B.I. men nabbed him chang
ing a flat tire in Hookset,N.H., on she
way to a meeting, and he became the first
person charged under a new anti-draft-card.
burning lew. He was convicted and jailed.
Even so, the gesture caught on.

Aétie Hoffman;Media manipulators,clowns, founding

and fathers of Youth International Party

Jerry Rubin -YIPPIES, Threw money at stock Ex-

change. Abbie has been arrested 31

times,was a Mississippi SNCC worker
and one of its last whites;Jerry is a Ber-
keley- H.U.A.C. veteran. Both men are over
thirty. “We are the people our parents
warned us against."

Artur Waskow;Fellow of the Institute for Policy
Studies, the New Left think-tank that also
includes Marcus Raskin of draft resistence
-counceling fame. He was a delegate to the
Democratic Eonvention but spent much of
his time in Grant Park. Turned in his 4-F
draft card, which was reclassified 1-A.
In 1963 tried to integrate Gwynn Oak am-
usement park and was arrested by authority
of Baltimore County Executive Spiro T.
Agnew.

Eldridge Cleaver;The civil-rights struggle has bee
Been the beginning of the transformation
of many whites into radicals,and the Move-
ment has derived much of its style from
the black rebellion. Current idols are
theleather-jacket gun-carring Black Pan-
thersand one of their leaders Eldridge
