(a letter from Allen Ginsberg to the Secretary of
the Treasury)
Dear Mr. Kénnedy,

This is a response to your department's no
tice of 11 July,'69, concerning tax assesments a-
gainst me (SS10222430) for $1,488.68 plus interest
asserted as $21.25 for 1968.

I am not able to pay this money into our
Treasury to be spended in the continuing illegel
and immoral effort to kill or subdue more Viet-
namese people. I have retained attorneys with re-
gardto your claim against me and am instructing
them to present the appropriate documents and au-
thorities to your office as necessary to manifest
my anxiety and inability to pay for this painful
ware

I'm obliged to inform you that I spent all
the modest amount of money I earned last year keep
ing myself alive and helping others maintain their
lives. i

You should also know that I am physically,
mentally,and morally unable to earn money to pay
for the Vietnam war. The basic Traditional ethics
of my profession as poet prohibits me from assign-
ing money earned, incidental to the publication of
literary compositions pronouncing the inhumanity,
ungodiness and contra patrotic nature of this war
for funding the very same ware

My strongest religious feelings of devine
mature and person; so I wish to aknowledge the de-
vine in yourself by clearly explaining to you that
I conscientiously object to, and am incapable of,
medically incapable of, paying money into the
Treasury for war use in Viet Nam. Equally clear is
the awareness that so much as I may finance vio-
ence to others, equal measure of such violence
shall be returned inevitably to my own person. I
am absolutely afraid of this retribution!

As my religious apprehensions and convic-
tions and psychological conditions prevent my pay-
ing income tax through to the Treasury for Viet
Nam War, an equally commanding practical awareness
of socially and economically deprived millions of
persons in America prevent me from supporting an
Amequitable and unfair tax system which places the
cost of a horrific war so heavily upon poor, eco-
logically disorientated, and hungry people, and
transfers so much money as profit to investors in
questionable military-industrial enterprises, and
in cares in consequence to this constitutionally
inappropriate war.

I'm willing to pay your tax assessment by
donating what money I will have to any tax exempt
program acceptable to your Department which wil)
benefit money-poor Americans, or protect natural
resources wasted as consequence of war hastes.

I humbly request an appointment to meet
with you with my attorneys to discuss the policy
decision which you must soon make as to how the
numbers of persons who feel as I do are going to
be treated by your Department. We plan to offer
reasonable alternatives to paying taxes supporting
the Viet Nam War. I can't live in peace with my-
self and pay taxes into a fund which goes directly
into Vietnam War. This prospect has made me physi-

‘cally 111. Thus, if our tax system is so inequita-
ble that it cannot find a reasonable alternative
such as payment of these taxes into a fund which
is not used in this war, I will be relieved to go
to jail rather than pay money to the war, or take
other steps.
Allen Ginsberg

‘Next Issue: Excerpts of an interview with Allen
‘at UMass this summer.

Y*all want change

Za font like what's happening

red o:
reer hearing the same old rethoric?
