					The MOVEMENT

Who? Why? What is the MOVEMENT? Who are the targets? Who are the theorists? Who are the guerrillas? The troubadours? The martyrs? What are some of the tactics? Equipment? Symbols? We will try to give you a picture of the Movement, with a little help from Esquire.

				  Theorists AND Stylists

Herbert Marcuse: 
A critic of capitalism (and Russian "Stalinism") rather than a formulator
of the new society, the 70yr. old German born Marxist philosopher and gentle classroom questioner at Univ. of California has become a culture hero in the past year. His concept of “repressive tolerance" — that society allows dissent as long as it is ineffective, thus frustrating change — is a base for expanding the limits of active defiance.

Tom Hayden:
New Leftist prototype, his journey from liberal reformer to revolutionary marks the Movement's path. He worked in the So., wrote the 1962 Port Huron Statement setting up Students for a Democratis Society, lived and organized in the Newark ghetto traveled to North Vietnam. A chief architect of confrontation politics: “exposing the System" by forcing it to react to challenges with strong police action.

Dave Dellinger:
The build, face and clothes of a Justice Dept. lawyer he has been arrested at least ten times since 1940, when he refused to register for the Selective Service, although exempt as a seminarian. Did three years. As chairman of the National Mobilization Committee, the Yale-educated editor of LIBERATION headed demonstrations by diverse groups at the Pentagon and Chicago.

David J. Miller:
On October 15,1965 the twenty-two year-old Catholic Worker pacifist climbed onto a platform outside the Whitehall St. induction center in New York, borrowed a lighter and burned his draft card. Three days later, SIX F.B.I. men nabbed him changing a flat tire in Hookset, N.H., on the
way to a meeting, and he became the first person charged under a new anti-draft-card burning law. He was convicted and jailed. Even so, the gesture caught on.

Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin:
Media manipulators, clowns, founding fathers of Youth International Party – YIPPIES. Threw money at stock Exchange. Abbie has been arrested 31 times, was a Mississippi SNCC worker
and one of its last whites; Jerry is a Berkeley- H.U.A.C. veteran. Both men are over thirty. “We are the people our parents warned us against."

Artur Waskow: Fellow of the Institute for Policy Studies, the New Left think-tank that also
includes Marcus Raskin of draft resistance-counseling fame. He was a delegate to the Democratic Convention but spent much of his time in Grant Park. Turned in his 4-F
draft card, which was reclassified 1-A. In 1963 tried to integrate Gwynn Oak amusement park and was arrested by authority of Baltimore County Executive Spiro T. Agnew.

Eldridge Cleaver: 
The civil-rights struggle has been the beginning of the transformation of many whites into radicals, and the Movement has derived much of its style from the black rebellion. Current idols are the leather-jacket gun-carrying Black Panthers and one of their leaders Eldridge (cont.)



