Call Us Americans

This Establishment(U.S of A) 1s probably the
most lenient in the world today. Parents who have
tried to force the "American Dream" down our
throats. Have been rejected. Thus the new Sex Re-
vohution, Hippies etc. etc. etc. But we see the
faults of this society and we want to change them.
We see the men who have nothing but lust for power
in positions of administration. These men in their
greed have lost contact with the people they were
to represent. We feel we can contribute in making
this society the greatest for every member in it.

We hope to destroy the society who for pur-
poses of mbduing and reing morals and crank tra-
ditions upon the people, have smoldered the true
American Spirit of Revolution.

We are never taught about the radicals which
are part of our past. Young Americans are forced
to turn elsewhere for ideas and leadership. The
Yeason being that the story of the American Radi-
cal the "Un-American" is omitted or greatly dis-
torted in the pages of our history books.

How many of us were taught that Helen Keller
was a Socialist who was anti-American capitalism
and a member of the Revolutionary Industrial Work-
ers of the World, tke "wobblies".

Did Dwight Eisennower know that Honus Wagner,
baseball great and his boyhood hero, was a Social-)
ist?

Do any of us Jmow that MAY-DAY, which our
leaders try to have us picture as a European Comm
unist holiday, was first celebrated as a day of
workers protest in Chicago during the violent la~
bor disputes of the 1880's.

What about Uncle Sam ? Now he stands as a fi-
gure of imperialism or the tyrannt who runs the
araft and "wants You". He was origanally the sym-
bol of the firct American Revolutionists.

Like the flag Uncle Sam was takei from radi-
cals by politicans and are being used as blind-
folds to camouflage more corruption.

The rulers of our Schools and country have
tried to convince usthat radicalism and the right
to revolt are foreign concepts - strangers to our
shores.But in reality they are part of the United
States.

This distortion must end. Young American
radicals, idealists, ulitants and revolutionaries
are neither going to LOVE IT or LEAVE IT. We're
going to save it. Save it from people who conceive
such slogans. Save it from étale h¥pocritical
minds in power,from schools to the goverment. We
will challenge you, and will defend ourselves

CG. Vega
‘he paper will be out every other wk. Get -
cles in. Give them to a seller or mail mes a
3
