No More Vietnams

A lesson has been learned by the majority of
the U.S. Senate concerning Vietnam. The Senate a-
pproved 2 resolution (70-16) stating that a “na-
tional commitment" will result only from afferma-
tive action from both legislative branches.

This is a step in bringing the presidential
powers, in the area of foreign policy, under con-
trol. Simply it is a warning to the Executive
branch not to involve the U.S. in more Vietnams.

Under the Constitution a system of checks
and balances was set up to prevent any one branch,
of the goverment, from gaining more control than
another. This system sets to find a balance be-
tween tyranny and chaos. Post W.W.It years have
seen the shift of foreign policy almost entirely
to the president with Congress merely doling out
money whenever and whereever the Executive wishes.
The job of Congress was to do without questioning.

No decision, by the Supreme Court, has
judges the war we are now involved in as uncon-
stitutional. Instead the people are showing it
through widespread dissension. Riots on campus,
marches on the Pentagon and the Capital, the dis-
solution of ROTC on many colleges have brought to
Congress the dire situation. Approvement of the
resoultion is the reaction of politicans who want
no more international commitment decided on by
che person or one branch of the goverment.

Bill Goglin
Article 1 Section 8
Congress shall Power To Declare War
-U.S. Constitution
(Congress Has Never Declared War Against North
Vietnam)
Of South Hadley High School,

Education in S.H.H.S. is far from what it
should be. Like other schools it trains the stu-
dents for the business world instead of a social
world and one's self-knowledge.

Last Thursday I was draged, by the ear, down
to the office for looking out the window during
my study period. When I got down to the office I
was met by a member of the administration. I re-
ceived 20 demerits and a lecture about how it was
the first week and I was starting off on the
wrong foot and all that shit. But this was just
the circumstances that started a discussion con-
cerning education today, He said, "Education to-
day is primarily to get kids ready for the busi-
ness worla", and he added, "making a good finacial
life.

Feeling the way I do that school should first
teach a student responsibilities and how to sensi-
tize with others, not to be trained how to be a
zood worker for Dow Chemical Corp., I felt sick.

John Beattie
ie - BE WISE SUBSCRIBE

* get 10 issues for $2.00 (cheap).

* since they'll be mailed, you'll be sure

to get every issue.

* you'll get it before it hits the streets.

mail to: Carlos Vega,672 High St.
Holyoke, Ma. 01040

Nemes

AdGTess tana ee

Citys. State:

Zip Code: prone were

(mail this or a copy) J
