					Call Us Americans

	This Establishment (U.S of A) is probably the most lenient in the world today. Parents who have tried to force the "American Dream" down our throats have been rejected. Thus the new Sex Revolution, Hippies etc. etc. etc. But we see the faults of this society and we want to change them. We see the men who have nothing but lust for power in positions of administration. These men in their greed have lost contact with the people they were to represent. We feel we can contribute in making this society the greatest for every member in it.
	We hope to destroy the society who for purposes of subduing and forcing morals and crank traditions upon the people, have smoldered the true American Spirit of Revolution.
	We are never taught about the radicals which are part of our past. Young Americans are forced to turn elsewhere for ideas and leadership. The reason being that the story of the American Radical the "Un-American" is omitted or greatly distorted in the pages of our history books.
	How many of us were taught that Helen Keller was a Socialist who was anti-American capitalism and a member of the Revolutionary Industrial Workers of the World, the "wobblies"?
	Did Dwight Eisenhower know that Honus Wagner, baseball great and his boyhood hero, was a Socialist?
	Do any of us know that MAY-DAY, which our leaders try to have us picture as a European Communist holiday, was first celebrated as a day of workers protest in Chicago during the violent labor disputes of the 1880's?
	What about Uncle Sam ? Now he stands as a figure of imperialism or the tyrant who runs the
draft and "wants You". He was originally the symbol of the first American Revolutionists.
	Like the flag Uncle Sam was takei from radicals by politicians and are being used as blindfolds to camouflage more corruption.
	The rulers of our Schools and country have tried to convince us that radicalism and the right to revolt are foreign concepts - strangers to our shores. But in reality they are part of the United
States.
	This distortion must end. Young American radicals, idealists, militants and revolutionaries
are neither going to LOVE IT or LEAVE IT. We're going to save it. Save it from people who conceive such slogans. Save it from stale hypocritical minds in power, from schools to the government. We will challenge you, and will defend ourselves.

								– C. Vega


The paper will be out every other week. Get your articles in. Give them to a seller or mail it.



