Cleaver, ex-convict (possession of narco-
tics,2/, years;assault with intent to mur-
der, nine years) and best selling author
(SOUL on ICE).

Up Against The Wall M.F.;A anarchist-terrorist
group operating on N.Y.'s Lower East Side.
UAW/MF is the street-fighting wing of SDS.
It has lent its name as the ralling cry of
the Columbia revolt and now of the Move-
ment in general. Looking like a motorcycle
gang with ideology, the heavily bearded M.
F,'s consider it their duty not only to
make revolution but to disrupt society
with shouts,curses, and anything else that
comes to hand,

WOODSTOCK

A few years ago we heard abouti a strange hap-
pening in Sunnyland California. It was called the —
Monterey Pop Festival and just'about every group
we had heard of was there; the acid-rockers, hard}
rockers, blues screamers, folk singers poem-drea-
mers, In-the last few years since Monterey, the a-
cids gotten stronger, the blues harder, the folk
simpler, and the dreams more beautiful. Echos are
floating like freedom in the minds of the Earth's
young. And we, along with everybody else inthis
movement, have said that our life style is better
than anybody elses. We have said that freedom is
better than’ order,communes are better than capital-
istic businesses, and peace is far better than war.

In mid-August, in Bethel N.¥., on some cat"s
(Max Yasgur) farm, we proved it. We gathered our
bands, our grass and ourselves, and created a city
of peace and a feeling of communism and of love.

It rained on our farm, and the 400,000 people
who had gathered there (there were supposedly only
gonna be 50,000 a day) got muddy. But'we still dug
it well,fed each other, kept each other as dry as
possible and as high as possible.

The music was utterly fantastic! The groups
and people played so well that you covuldn'tihelp
staying high. A commune known as the Hog Farm
helped everybody with free organic food, and there
was free medicine, free lakes,and the concerts
were free too, although many people had payed a-
head of time. Buti even those who got burnt for con-
cert tickets didn't care because the freedom of
the concerts added to their high.

‘The music went on for three days, each day,
.twelve hours a day. Anybody you can think of
played.. Among the most remeorable were Canned Heati
Cree dence Clearwater Revival, Jefferson Airplane,
The Who, Richie Havens,(who received about four
standing ovation), and Mountain, a new group start
-ed by the guy who produced the Cream.

Some bad acid went! around, but that and traf-
fic jems were the only hassles.

The days were spent sitting in the sunlight
getting high, swimming and talking to good people,
and listing to and seeing the greatest groups and
people in the music scene.

It might not have so intimate as Monterey,
but then it wasen't able to be. It was the third
largest city in New York State, and it was made up
of freaks, and it worked and came off beautifully.
If your parents ever tried it they would've killed
» burnt, and fought each other. It just goes to
show who's on the right side of this life.

We'll all be rapping about’ it five years from
now, it was that high. Even the straight papers
are.calling it the most amazing get together in
‘the history of the world because we got together
and made-music, peace, and love - not! war.

: Grow your mind as: well as your hairs

PEACE, E
Jimny Niss

A COALITION OF MODERATES, RADICALS, REVOLUTION»
AND FREE THINKERS ARE GETTING TOGETHER AN OR-
GANIZATION. Jvin IT! BE PART OF THE PLAT.
FORM MAKING BODY. BE AT THE YWCA,315 MAPLE ST.
on OCT. 1, at 7:30.

POWER TO THE PEOPLE! “
