					SUPERSHOW: Part 3

	After Sam and Dave's 48 minute set, (see ORACLE #6) the MC, Cousin Duffy from WMEX, apologized to the sound system crew for his criticisms (ORACLE #5). He explained to the audience that something went wrong an these people were called in the middle a the night before t get the system set up. Understandably, they weren’t expected to do miracles. By this time, anyway, they were pretty much together.
	Then some bad news: it was now about 2 p.m. an they'd just been told that we all had t split for 3:45. The audience met this information with disapproval cuz there were still three more groups
t play – The Janes Cotton Blues Band, The Grassroots, and Country Joe and the Fish.
	The reason for throwin us out so early was on account a the finals a the ECAC Hockey Tournament which was scheduled for 6:45 that night. Cousin Duffy told us that they'd be negotiatin while James Cotton played.
	The Band came out first – minus Cotton. It consisted a 3 black guys on bass, drums, an lead guitar with a white guy playin a miked sax. They did two instrumentals before Cotton himself walked out blowin his harp (harmonica) into a handheld mike.
	James Cotton isn't young. He's a black man who's lived the blues an knows how t play em. In his version of James Brown's "Please, Please, Please,” you could’ feel him beggin his girl not t go.
	The rockin blues song "Good Time Charlie” gave the sax a chance t show what it could do. It did an was well received by the audience. The blues classic, “Hoochie Coochie Man"  was met by applause at its very beginnin. Cotton’s growlin, leerin vocal almost brought the house down.
	"Feelin Good" was a fantastic 10 minute song Cotton did mainly by himself. It was mostly comprised a harp an vocal solos which brought roarin applause about every 2 minutes. At one point Cotton was kneelin on the stage an, t everyone’s surprise, suddenly did a somersault across the stage an came up blowin his harp. The music was drowned out by the thunderous applause.
	After he left the stage, we brought him back with a standin ovation. He did a couple more numbers an left again, after 37 minutes a really good blues to another standin ovation.

									– DAVE POTVIN

NEXT ISSUE: Part 4 tells what happens when there's 20 minutes left an the Grassroots an Country Joe still hafta play.



	