For the sak: of this animel we call the movement, will tne real enemy
please stand up? He'd better reer up pretty soon so everybody knows who
he is. Otherwise the American left, that glowering graveyard of tooth-
less terrors, will continue shootin; at people who should be ite friends.

What brings thie to wind is a denonstration on the night of ilarch
22, in New fork to protest the yellow journalism of the NEW YORK TIMES
and its failure to cover movement news. The demonstretors, however,
could not tell the differeace between a Times truck driver and a Tiues
vice president. . :

The prot sters started nollering actioa-packed slovans such e£ uThe
TT ES is the ap oloyist of inperialiswi” and "Yo, Yo, Ho Chi inh, the
SLP is gonaa wint* " They're blamin the Times for beiny anti-inpeiieali
a companion.

The point is that a slogan meare aothiny unles. there is a body of
experience a. explanation behind it. When the movevsent opeas itswouth,
it should uncerstand who it is yellin, at and why.

Althouch sot tue Cominaat theie of the demenstration, its most
unfortuaate cowponent was the crotcsters baiting of the loa7iny doc’:
worzers, There's no poseible way of overeiihacizing the danier and ~ i
stupidity of this approach. People who work for a livince are not the
enemy. Thc ocople they woik for are. This is the heart of radical
politics, °

‘hen souc dceuonstrators bait men vho work for the target, these
yorkers only ideatify with the boss that wuch more, .ost of the workers
are middle-eced, This means they heve becu worxing at the Tines for a
relatitely long tive. They have a lot ticcd up» there--psnsions, severanc
pay, credit unioa debts. These are coue of the ways manavezent keeps
thei ia line. ow, ell you heve to do ic add some frec-wheeling i.sults
from-a crowd of demonstrators to this control structure and youtve done
the Times labor reletionrs cepartuent a big favor,

The aovenent seems to have sudcenly discover.d the prolcterict. Thi
is the year of the Theoretical Worker. It seems as if ve ca cunport
"them when ™they™ are o1 strike, but aot when they are on the job. If
we don'tvet the thcory and practice together, we are yoin: to lose, Oaly
the workers can ake a revolution because only they ca: shut cown the
system. Without them, a newsstaad couldn't be closed down, let alone
& newspaper.

ACCEPT US OR MILL Us####s% :
