FROM To FECELE WHO SROUGHT YOU VISTuAM:
. THe ANTI BALLIo?iC mISSILE SYSTEM
The Pentagon now has about 500 lobbyists in Congress working to
get the ABs Bill passed. The Senate is now evenly divided in the debate.
The OdACL& has taken a stand avainst the proposed ABM System because:
1. it will be obsolete before it is finished
2. It will proporate the arms race
. 3. made entirely to protect our missles rather
than our people
4. cost will add immensly to our already high
defence budget
5. will be only a first strike defense and will
be of no use against second and third strike

American cities have burned for four successive years--not fron
foreign attack, but from internal despair, The President wants to
spend at least six billion dollars for more useless military hardware,
but hasn't found a deterrent against the Molotov cocktail.

According to the independent daily Statesman of New Delhi, what an
ABM system adds is merely a new dimension to the nissle race, one that
will upset the present precarious balance of nuclear terror, and thus
direct the entire race to more horrifying goals.

From Copenhagen's liberal POLITIKEN: Mr. Nixon's ABM announcement
is a further blow to the nuclear nonproliferation treaty s».One fails
to see a new Nixon, only the old weak and insecure politician,

According to Stockholm's EXFRESSEN: The U.S. vlan arouses evil
forebodings that the world political climate has deteriorated furthers
How can the Russians interpret this new step towards arms escalation
except as a challenge which must be met?

Londons leftist intelléctual weekly NEW STATESMENT observed that
Nixon's primary political mission is to give military “hardware* as
the bobby prize to Fentagon generals and war manufactures now faced
with a sense of real and spirituxl loss in Vietnan,

way is the time for restless energy to erupt. It is a time of
revolution and we are dedicating*to the American Indian,

We are not individuals. We can not afford to be individuals,
People on top pf society can afford that, but people on the bottem can't. ©
Iam inseparable from my brothers. What counts is the movement not me.

-Uwezo
