					M.D.S. Peace Tally

	It was shortly after one when the peace rally began. The rain had stopped. The sun looked like it might burst through but it was cold. We heard a couple of folk songs, sung through a bullhorn, (the sound equipment could not be obtained by the rental shop, they had backed down from renting the MDS the equipment).
	The first speakers were four members of the Black Student Union of Springfield. They outlined their program as:

	1. organizing black students

	2. obtaining a black voice in the government

	3. getting a true insight into history

	4. obtaining more power in education.

	Wayne Robinson, from BSU said, “..it, the war is crazy.” He announced that “the war is crazy.” He announced that “the school is a tool for war”. When you’re in high school you're nothing but a vegetable." He added, “the school supplies recruits for the Armed service” and that Blacks were taken advantage of in this system.
	Bill Brown, chairman of the BSU, stated they wanted "peace” and did not really want to fight, but clearly stated that oppression of blacks must end and there could never be peace until it did. He
bluntly pointed out that a means of obtaining; peace (end to oppression) is through a revolution. He stated “Peace can only be obtained through freedom."
	The Minister of Education spoke next. “Through our paper, he pointed out, we are educating black students." He pointed out that on the Vietnam War, “the power structure is carrying out a genocide, whet country will we be in next? Congo? Cuba?” "The government is trying to bullshit the Blacks. When the war is over they'll come after us”. He read about the German genocide of the Jews and then said “blacks defend yourselves or be straightened like 40 million Jews."
	Steve Halloway, a suspended student from Columbia. He took an active part in the Columbia siege, spoke next. On Vietnam: "U.S. casualties are over 33,000", adding "We drop 129 thousand tons of bombs, 45,000 tons are dropped from B 52 alone monthly." “The liberals say "the South Vietnamese don't know what was happening" “all they're concerned with is their small possessions". Steve compared this idea with what many believed of the blacks, that they were "homeloving”, “didn't know what was happening” and only cared about their small 

Cont.



