	For the sake of this animal we call the movement, will the real enemy please stand up? He'd better rear up pretty soon so everybody knows who he is. Otherwise the American left, that glowering graveyard of toothless terrors, will continue shooting; at people who should be its friends.
	What brings this to wind is a demonstration on the night of March 22, in New York to protest the yellow journalism of the NEW YORK TIMES and its failure to cover movement news. The demonstrators, however, could not tell the difference between a Times truck driver and a Times vice president. 
	The protesters started hollering action-packed slogans such as “The TIMES is the apologist of imperialism!” and "Yo, Yo, Ho Chi Minh, the NLF is gonna win!” “They're blaming the Times for being anti-imperialist a companion.”
	The point is that a slogan means nothing unless there is a body of experience and explanation behind it. When the movement opens its mouth, it should understand who it is yelling at and why.
	Although not the dominant theme of the demonstration, its most unfortunate component was the protesters baiting of the loading dock workers. There's no possible way of overemphasizing the danger and stupidity of this approach. People who work for a living are not the enemy. The people they work for are. This is the heart of radical politics.
	When some demonstrators bait men who work for the target, these workers only identify with the boss that much more. Most of the workers are middle-aged. This means they have been working at the Tines for a relatively long time. They have a lot tied up there – pensions, severance pay, credit union debts. These are some of the ways management keeps them in line. Now, all you have to do is add some free-wheeling insults from a crowd of demonstrators to this control structure and you've done the Times labor relations department a big favor.
	The Movement seems to have suddenly discovered the proletariat. This is the year of the Theoretical Worker. It seems as if we can support "them” when “they” are on strike, but not when they are on the job. If we don't get the theory and practice together, we are going to lose. Only the workers can make a revolution because only they can shut down the system. Without them, a newsstand couldn't be closed down, let alone a newspaper.

ACCEPT US OR KILL US*****


