M.D.S. Peace Tally

It was shortly after one when the peace rally began, The rain
had stopped. The sus looked like it might burst through but it was
cold, We heard a couple of folk son,s, suay throuch a bullhora,
(the sound equipment coulé aot be obtaixzed by the rental shop, they ha
ysecxed dow: from renting the 11'S the equipment).

The first speckers were four uombcrs of the Dlack Stude.t Unicon
of Sprincvfield. They ontlise® their provraa as:

1. orgaxiziag black studects

2. obtaiving « black voice in the gover mest

5. getting a true insisht into histcry

4. oObdteining more power in educstion.

Wayne Robinson, from BSU said, “_it, the war is crazy. He
aimounced that ‘the war is crany. He aanounced that “the school
is a tool for varit, Whe. your$e in high school you're aothing but
a vegetabbe." Te added, tithe echool eunplies recruits for the
Arned servict' ail that Blacks were teke. advantase of i. this syste,

PLll vrowa, chairman of the BSU, steted they wa ted "peace! aod
did not really want to fight, but clearly stated that oppressioa of
blacs must end ahd there could never be peace until it did. ie
bluntly pointed out thet a means of obtainin; peace (ead to oppression)
is throuch a revolution, Te stated ‘Peace cana oily be obteined through
freedou."

The jinister of Iducatio2 spoke next. 'Throuch our paper, he
pointed out, we are ecucating blaék students." Hepointed out thet
on bhe Vietnam war, “the power structure is cerryi og out a genocide,
whet courtrywi will we be in next? Congo? Cuba? ¥ "The sovermnent is
tiying to bullshit the Blacks, ‘he; the var is over they1ll cove
after us. He read about the Gera geaocide of the Jews and then said
tph-cks Cefeod yourselves or be streightened like 40 million Jews."

Steve Falloway, a susperided student from Coluabia. He book air
active part in the Columbia seirce, spoke next. On Vietnam : "U.S.
casulties are over 353,000", adding "We Hmop 129 thousand tons of bombs,
45,000 tons are dropped from B 52 alone mont:ly." “The liberals say
"tthe South Viethamese don't know what was happening" zm all theyfre
concerned with is their saall possessions" Steve compared this idea °
vith what many beleived of the blecks, that they were "homeloving }
Ndidn't know what was happening "and only cared about their small Cont.
