possessions." "You don't drop bombs on people whose hearts you are trying to win. He ended on Vietnam by saying “the American people know something has gone wrong.”
	On the movement he said, “Springfield (and area) must start their own movement…..We are determined to move, not just talk… the struggle will not be simple.”
	Dave Dellinger, editor of the LIBERATOR and leader of the National Mobilization Committee (NMC) to end the War in Vietnam, spoke next. He is one of the eight indicted for the Chicago riots. On Vietnam, he said, "The U.S. has lost the war, what they are trying to do is bomb and shell Vietnam in order to exhort a “Korean” settlement in Paris." He added, “They are trying to make us believe that the end of the war is near.” He gave us an insight into the living habits of the Viet Cong, "They live far underground and get air through straws." Concerning the Paris Peace talks, he said, “There are only two things we have to negotiate: 
	1. how long will it take to get out, and
	2. how much will the government pay Vietnam in indemnity.
He urged us to keep the heat on the war issue. “This is the government's Achilles heel,‘' he said, "deaths on both sides are tremendous.”
	He concluded on the war by giving an insight into the history of Vietnam. “Ho Chi Minh fought with the U.S in WWII to bring about an end to colonialism, but the U.S. government did not help to end French colonialism and later became involved (with the great assistance of Secretary of State John Foster Dulles). Dellinger said,‘'The war is not the product of one individual, (ex-President Johnson), the war went through five administrations, from Truman to Nixon; the war is the product of the system.”
	Concerning the 21 Black Panthers arrested in New York for conspiring to blow up Department stores, he said, “It's a clear frame-up,” Dellinger was with Bobby Seale, Black Panther Minister of Organizing, when they heard of the 21. Dellinger quoted Scale as saying, "That's the last place we'd blow up, our people are there."
	Concerning his indictment for the Chicago riots, he said, “The Government has done us a favor; in trying to break the movement, they have lumped us together. Our defense will be called the ‘conspiracy’ and we want everyone to join us.” He went on to say, "The government indicted 8 policemen to even everything off, the policemen are being used to cover up for the real criminals: Daley and the Democratic machine."

NEXT ISSUE: Roxeanne Dunbar, Marge Swann, MDS leader, and the open microphone



