We as peorle are born with few natural instincts, Our whole life
is besed on what the institutions and our environment have taught use
The few that we are born with are self-preservation; the desire to know:
and companicnship. Some think that the feeling to get ahead, the acqui-
sition of land, comretetivespirit, and the striving for power are with
you from birth, however, are actually the products of society with
which a person is destined to be burdened; burdened in the sense that
aman may have to die depending on on what his institutions and envi-
roment have loaded on to his mind. In our culture, we have formed a

aethod of punishnent for men which shovld be placed on society's
instittutions, for they are to bleme of a person infringes uron another
man’s rights, or has committed some other criminal act, Due to the
fact that a verson is tought what he knotrs anddoes, he is not res-
ponsible for his actions. e shonid n-t say ‘look what that men has
done‘, but rather, ‘loss what we have done to that man’. Executing a
man for society is as stupid as killing the child of an unwed mother.

Another reason for the abolution of canital punishment is the
recently discovere' xyy chromosome which could be a biological cause
for criminal behavior. cain, how can tie blame a man for what is not
his fault. The solution is not to kill there circumstancial victims
but te control their environmert, not tightly. but sore or less watchins
them and helping them throuch times which may divert their attitudes to
criminyl actions.

At times we could al’ feel hatred and anger which, may exceed the
boundries of rationalization and completely take over our bodies and
minds. At these times we are temvorarily insane and have no control
over our actions. lxecuting people for this is relative to nurderine
ali the permanently insane who have little or no control over their
actions.

Vie can not free peorle who ave done something wrong but rather
reforn these people. To do this we are soing to have to chanze radically
our prisons and houses of corrections so that so that the confined will
become rational human beings.

EMRE EUG RG EE RE HE RHR RHEE KH HEEB A KERR GHEE EHKL BHR ERR HH BRUNE

WILL THE PERSON WdO TOCK OUR “DON'T BUY GRAPES* POSTER

RETURN IT, IF YOU REALLY WANT IT, YOU CAN HAVE IT WHiw' *

WH FINISH WIvn IT. J

THdAnK YOU
Together we can create a future brighter than napalm PEACE
