				doubt may trigger the search for purpose
									– PACE

						
						UNITE

	In the past year I have read and heard about a lot of student revolutions. All throughout the world, young people and students are rebelling against what they have known is wrong. Most
of them have the same feelings and most about the same goals. They are fighting: for a society which is better than theirs at the present time.
	With these thoughts in mind, I ask you to take a long hard look at our Holyoke High School. Its incompetent teachers and unfair and outdated rules. Most of all, I want you to look at its plastic
student body, doing only what is accepted by their peers, following the screwed up rules, and not doing anything about the present conditions or their futures.
	Where will most of you be in ten years? If you're Black, you'll probably still be fighting for your long-deserved freedom, and if you’re White, you'll most likely be working at some job you hate, but stay with it for the money. But, is the money what you really need? It helps, but what helps more, and what you really need is to be able to communicate with your fellow uan, whether he be Black, Red, Yellow or White.
	In order to live in a relative state of peace, we must be able to communicate with, and understand our brothers. But with the education we are getting, now, I don't think most of us really understand the problems of our Black Brothers, or the prejudice between races and religions.
	Unfortunately, we probably never will understand these things because we aren't getting a proper education.
	For example, a racist can not teach us to understand the Black man as he really is, just as a conservative can not help us to understand the views of a radical.
	What's needed are new teachers, a new system of education, and a whole new system. It will take a long time, but we must organize now and fight for the total freedom and equality of our descendants.

							– Kevin Sullivan

Life is not just existence but an incredibly exciting opportunity to do something uniquely worthwhile.

	“DON'T ROCK THE BOAT -------- LET'S ALL DROWN TOGETHER 
								– PACE


