San Francisco Presidio: Part II
a on October 14, 27 prisoners staged 1 sit-in at the San Francisco
presidio protestiny the killing of prisoner Richard Bunch, 19. “He was
shot in the back while running from a cuard on a suicidal impulse.“
Bunch was quoted as sayins to the guard, ‘What would you do if I ran?"
The reply was ‘I would shoot you.* Bunch remarked, “OK, just aim at
ny head.* A shot was fired and Bunch luy dead, Witnesses confirmed
that no warning shot was fired and no shout of “Halt* was made.
The 27 prisoners sat in a circle and made demands for better food,
the disarmament of over-armed guards, and a ful? investigation into
she death of Bunch, “It was beautiful,' a military photographer said.
They sane “America the Beautiful,‘ aud “Ye Shal] Overcome.“ They
sere then presented with mutiny charges. Three of the 27 have fled
zo Canada. The rest have received sentences ranging from 14 to 16
years of hard labor.
The average aze of these ‘mutineers* is 193, and most of these men
are in the Fresidio on simple A'iLl charges.
EWN AK DER NKR REE EE KHER DEG HAR RH AEARDHRE RED BRERERER GARE
‘Cia GUaVARA
On vionday, October 9, 1967, Ernosto “Che’ Guevara was murdered. A
dullét was shot straight into his heart. Che was the most wanted men
of the CIA. de was Castro’s right hand man during the Cuban Revolution,
then Castro was victorious, Che was given a rost in the Castro Cabinate.
in mid 1965, news of Che's whereabouts and activities ceased being pub-
‘ished. Rumors started spvreadinz. ‘Ihnat happened to Che? Did Castro
aave hin killed? Was he ir Viet Nam? jas he in South America trying
70 start a now revioution arainst the imnerilist yanques? Then in 1967,
iis whereabouts were discovered, ho was in Bolivia. ue had visited
orth Viet »am in 1945 and had entered Bolivia under an alias. He was
cryine to start a revolution. His plans for a peasants’ revolution,
iowever, failed, and he was cantured by American trained Bolivian
‘oldiers., in the little village of La diguera, Che was held captive and
here murdered. Che died a martyred revolutionary hero.
she: “wherever death nav surprise us, let it be welcouie, provided that
shis our battle cry, may have reached some receptive ear and another
iand may be extended to weild our weapons. °
»ALLIMORS’: Decency Rally turns into riot--
THANK GOD FU MICHAEL LE VESQUE
