SULIRSHOY: Part 3

After Sam and Dave's 3 inivute set,(see CRACLE :”5) the MC,

Cousin Duffy froz VME, apolorvized t the sound syste. crew for his
eriticisss (ORACLE 7/5). He cxslained t the audience that somethin wert
wron aa these peovle were called in the aidele a the night before t
set the system set un. vaderstancably, they wereatt expected t do
iairacles., Ty this tine, aiyvay, they were pretty auch toxyether.

Then some bec news: it was now about 2 peu, an they'd just
been told that we all hed ¢ split for 3:45, The audience met this
infornation with disapproval cur, there vere still three more sroups
t play--the Jases Cotton flues Band, The Grassroots, acd Couatiy Joe
and the Fish,

The reason for throwin us out _o carly was ean account a the finels
a the ECAC Hockey Tourteaent which wee echedulea for 6:45 that nicht,
Cousin Duffy told us that they'd be nesotiatin while James Cottoa played.

Tne Rand cane out first--aious Gotton. It consisted a 3 black Ssuys
on bass, drums, an lecd guitar with a white suy playi.s o idiked sax. They
did two instrunentals before Gotten himself walsed ovt blowin his harp
(haruonica) into a handheld mike,

James Cotton isn't founz. He's a dleck man who's lived the blues
an knows how t play e-. In his version of James Drowa's "Please,
Please, Please,ii you coul’ fel hia becgin his cirl not t 70,

The rocsi blues sony "Good ‘ime Charlicit rave the sax a eaneh
chance t show what it could do. It dic aa wes well received by the
wudieace. The blucs clas ic, “Nooche Coochie Man" ves uet oy applause
“t its very begionin. Cottonts crowlin, leerin vocal almost brought
she house down,

"Feclin -ocd" was a fantastic 10 minute song Cotton did mainly
y hiuself. It was 20 tly comprise? a hers an vocal solos which
wough' roaria ayolause about every 2 ainutes, At one point Cotton
as luieclin on tic stage an, t everyoncis Surprise, sudvenly did a
o-ersault across the sta ce en care up blowin his happ. The music
as drowned out by the thuadcrous applause.

After he left the stage, we brousht hiw back with a stagdin
vation. He did a conple »ore ausbers aa left a aia, after 37 minutes
. really good blues to another standia ovetion,

DAVE PO'VIit :
o&T ISSUE: Part 1. tells what heppens when there's 20 ainutes left
1 the Crassroots an Country Joe still hafta pley.
