doubt may trigzer the search for purpose
-iACE
UTE

in the pest year I h ve reed, aid heard about a Tot of .*
student revolutions. A11 throu jhout t worll, youig veople ard
stuile ts are rebcllin, agvuiast whet they heave ‘ov? is wrong. ost
of thenm have the same feelinzs and 2ost abort tie save coals, * at
They are fightin: for a socicty which is better the: theirs at the
present tise,

ith these thoughts, in vind, I esk you to texe a long hard
look at Sur Holyoke High School. Its incovpeteat teachers ad unfeir
and outdated rules, ost of cll, I wart you to look at its plastic
studeat body, doing only what is accepted by their peers, following
the screwed up rules, and not doing asything about the present
concitions or their frtrres.

Where will most oflyou be ii. ten years? If youire Slack, you'll
probably still be fightiz> for vomr lonsg-deserved freedom, and if
your ‘ihite, you'll most likely be working at some job you hate, but
stay with it for the woney. Lut, is the money what you really need?
It helps, but what helps nore, aac whet you really iced is to be able
to commuaicate with your fellow uan, whether he be Black, Ted, Yellow
or .-hite. 1

In order to live in a relative stete of peace, we must be able
to cownicate with, aad understand our brothers. “ut with the
education we are getting, nov, I doutt think wost of us really unders
stand the problenus of our “lacs Frothers, or the prejudice betwvwees
races and reliciou,

Unfortunately, we probably never will uoderstand t hese thins
because we arentt -ettin> a proper edueation.

For exaaple, a racist can not tcach us te understend the Flack

aa as he reclly is, just es a conservative can not help us to
understa ¢d the vie.s of a radical.

What .s needed are new teachers, e wew system of education, aid
a ‘hole new syste1., It will take a loa time, but we must orgarize
now aia fight for the total freedom ard equ lity of our descendants,

Kevin Sullivan
Life is not just existence but an incredibly exciting opportunity to do -
something uniquely worthwhile.
‘DON'T ROCK TB BCAT --------. LET'S ALL DROWN TOGETHER .. PACE
