possessions." "You don't drop bozbs on people whose hearts you are
trying to win. He eaded on Viet sa. by saying ‘ithe American people
know something hes goue wrong.

On the movement he said, ‘Springfield (and aree) must stort thier
ovn movenent.,...,/e are determined to move, not just talk...the
struggle will not be simple.

Dave Dellinger, editor of the LIPCPATOR and leader of the National
Mobilization Com-ettee (110) to end the Ver in Viet wan, spoke next.

He is one of the cisht indicted for the Chicazo riots. (2 Viet an,
he said, "The U.S. hac lost the war, what they are trying to do i: a
bomb aod shell Viet .az in orler to exhort a ‘Norean't settlement in
Paris." He adv’ec, ‘They are trying to «ke us believe that the end of
the war ic near.' “Ile cave us an insight icto the livinos habits of the
Viet Coas, "They live far undcreround and cet air through straws ."
Concerning the Paris Feace talks, he said, “There are only two things
we have to ne ociete: 1, how lon: will it take to get out, and

2. how ich will the government pay Viet “an

in inde inity.

He urged us to keep the heat nn the war issue. ?This is the government's
Achilles heel,‘' he said,"Jeaths oa both sices are trewendous.”

‘fe coacluded o1 the war by sivin: a: insight into the history of
Viet Yam. ‘io Chi idinh fought wit the U.S, in WII to brias about an
end to colosialisu, but the U.S, sovernment did aot help to enc French
colonialis: and later because involved (with the creat assistance of
Secretary of State John Foster Dulles). Dellingcr said,‘'The war is
not the preluct of one individual, (ex-Fresident Johnson), the war went
through five administrations, from Trusan to ixon; the war is the
product of the system,?!

Concerning the 21 Black Panthers arrested .n “ew York for con-
spiring to blow uw» Department stores, he said,It's a clear frame-up,*
Dellinger was wit obby Seale, Plack Panther Minister of Organizing,
when they heard of the 21. Dellinger-quoted Scale as seying, "That's
the last place we'd blow u >, our seople ars there."

Concernin: his indictueat for the Chicaco riots, he said, “The
Covernment has dose us a favor; i: trying to break the movesent, they
heve lunped us together. Our defense will be called tc 'coaspiracyt
and we want everyone to join us,’* “e went on to say, "The goveraent
indicted 3 policemen to even everything off,the polic wen are being used
to cover up for the real crininels: Daley and the Derocratic machine." .

SEZT ISSUL: Roxeane Dunbar, warce Swann, MDS leader, and bbe, open
